--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 
 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the state of New York) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) 
under Luxembourg law, with registered office at 31 - Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of 
Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199) 
 
each an issuer under the 
Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. only will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. only will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) and relates to the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and may be supplemented from time to 
time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in it. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 
2022. This does not affect any Securities issued on or prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you 
with information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing 
any Securities (as defined in Section G.1 below). 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Securities will comprise the General Conditions of 
the Securities (see Section G.1 below) and the applicable provisions of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule (see Section G.2 below), together with the following additional terms and conditions (see

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
Section G.2 below) set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the "Schedules to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities": 
(a) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more security indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 1 (Security Index Conditions)"; 
(b) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more inflation indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 2 (Inflation Index Conditions)"; 
(c) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more commodity indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions)"; 
(d) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more commodities, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 4 (Commodity Conditions)"; 
(e) 
one or more shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 5 (Share 
Conditions)"; 
(f) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more depositary receipts, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions)"; 
(g) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more exchange traded fund (ETF) shares, the section 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share 
Conditions)"; 
(h) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more mutual funds, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 8 (Mutual Fund Conditions)"; 
(i) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more currency exchange rates, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)"; 
(j) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more warrants, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 10 (Warrant Conditions)"; 
(k) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more proprietary indices, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 11 (Proprietary Index Conditions)"; 
(l) 
one or more Dividend Futures Contracts, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 12 (Dividend Futures Contract Conditions)"; 
(m) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 13 (Rate Conditions)";  
(n) 
where the Securities are linked to one or more preference shares, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 14 (Preference Share Conditions)"; 
(o) 
where the Securities are linked to the credit of one or more specified entities, the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 15 (Credit Linked Conditions)"; and 
(p) 
where the Securities are linked to a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched 
credit derivative transaction and (ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with 
each single name transaction corresponding to an underlying reference entity constituent of the 
corresponding index transaction) where (i) and (ii) have equal and offsetting positions and result 
in no payment, other than in the event of an early redemption (such Securities may or may not 
bear interest), the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 16 (Index Skew 
Conditions)", 
and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed or supplemented, replaced and/or modified, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in "What are Issue 
Terms" below). 
This Base Prospectus also includes other general information such as:

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
(a) 
the principal risks the Issuer (as defined below) and (if applicable) the Guarantor (as defined 
below) believe to be inherent in investing in the Securities; 
(b) 
information relating to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor; 
(c) 
information relating to the Programme and the Securities; 
(d) 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
(e) 
taxation considerations. 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index of Defined Terms. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus from such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms. 
What are Issue Terms? 
Issue Terms means, when it relates to: 
(a) 
Securities which are not Exempt Securities (as defined in the Section entitled "Important 
Notices" below), the applicable Final Terms which completes the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Securities; or 
(b) 
Securities which are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities and may also specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, replace and/or modify such terms and 
conditions. 
Who is the Issuer and (if applicable) Guarantor of the Securities? 
Securities under this Base Prospectus will be issued and (if applicable) will be guaranteed by any of the 
following: 
(a) 
Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi) (in which case, the Securities will not be guaranteed by any 
entity); 
(b) 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. (in such 
capacity, the CGMHI Guarantor) pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 21 December 2015 
(such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee) executed by the CGMHI Guarantor; and 
(c) 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL) and guaranteed by Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited (CGML) (in such capacity, the CGMFL Guarantor) pursuant to a 
deed of guarantee dated 25 January 2019 (such deed of guarantee as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) executed 
by the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Citi, CGMHI and CGMFL is each an Issuer and collectively, the Issuers. The CGMHI Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Guarantor is each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Issuer" and "Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly.  
Citi has a right of substitution as set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities set out in this Base 
Prospectus. If "Substitution provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor and CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor also has a right of 
substitution as set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus. 
What type of Securities does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Securities (as defined in Section G.1 below).

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
The Securities may be Securities which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which 
pay a fixed amount on redemption, as well as the following types of securities whose return (in respect 
to any interest payable on such securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more: 
(a) 
security indices; 
(b) 
inflation indices; 
(c) 
commodity indices; 
(d) 
commodities; 
(e) 
shares; 
(f) 
depository receipts; 
(g) 
exchange traded fund (ETF) shares; 
(h) 
mutual funds; 
(i) 
currency exchange rates; 
(j) 
warrants; 
(k) 
proprietary indices; 
(l) 
dividend futures contracts; 
(m) 
rates; 
(n) 
preference shares; or 
(o) 
any combination of the foregoing. 
In addition, the Securities may be Notes (as defined below) whose return is linked to the credit of one or 
more specified entities (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, Credit Linked Notes) or 
Notes which reference a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative 
transaction and (ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction 
corresponding to an underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index transaction) 
where (i) and (ii) have equal and offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event 
intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting, other than in the event of an early 
redemption (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, Index Skew Notes). 
The Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) or the investor 
(a put option) and may, at maturity, pay a fixed or other redemption amount as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Securities (Securities) may be in the form of notes (Notes) or (for Securities issued by CGMFL only) 
certificates (Certificates), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Certificates entitle the holder on exercise to receive a cash amount (if any) calculated in accordance with 
the relevant terms, subject as set forth herein in the Conditions. Certificates will not bear interest but may 
pay a coupon amount.  
The Issuer may also from time to time issue Notes that are titled "Certificates". Further, the Issuer (each 
of Citi, CGMHI and CGMFL) may from time to time issue Notes that are titled "Certificates" to be 
offered in Italy and/or which are admitted to trading, or for which an application for admission to trading 
has been made or will be made, on SeDeX or EuroTLX (as defined below), for purposes of Italian listing 
requirements (Italian Listed Certificates).  
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, where 
applicable, as used in this Base Prospectus, references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed 
to be to "termination" and "terminate", references to "interest", "interest payment date", "interest period",

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
"interest rate" and "interest underlying" (and related expressions) shall be construed to be (in the case of 
Certificates) to "coupon amount", "coupon payment date", "coupon period", "coupon rate" and "coupon 
underlying" or (in the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to 
"premium", "premium payment date", "premium period", "premium rate" and "premium underlying", 
and references to "maturity date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
What is the status of the Securities: 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor and payments to be made by such Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of such Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. As such, the potential return on and value of the Securities will be adversely affected in the 
event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. 
The information on the Issuers and the Guarantors set out in this Base Prospectus (which includes 
information incorporated by reference) provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business 
activities as well as certain financial information and material risks faced by the Issuers and the 
Guarantors.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Distribution of Securities 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and/or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Securities, 
the Dealer(s) will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. However, each Issuer reserves the right to 
sell Securities directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions 
directly to the public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. 
Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the 
Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Securities may be issued whose return (in respect of any interest 
payable on such Securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more security indices 
(Security Index Linked Securities) or one or more inflation indices (Inflation Index Linked 
Securities) or one or more commodity indices (Commodity Index Linked Securities) or one or more 
commodities (Commodity Linked Securities) or one or more shares (Share Linked Securities) or one 
or more depositary receipts (Depositary Receipt Linked Securities) or one or more exchange traded 
fund (ETF) shares (ETF Linked Securities) or one or more mutual funds (Mutual Fund Linked 
Securities) or one or more currency exchange rates (FX Rate Linked Securities) or one or more 
warrants (Warrant Linked Securities) or one or more proprietary indices (Proprietary Index Linked 
Securities) or one or more Dividend Futures Contracts (Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities) 
or one or more rates (Rate Linked Securities) or one or more preference shares (Preference Share 
Linked Securities). In addition, the Securities may be Credit Linked Notes) or Index Skew Notes). 
The aforementioned Securities together, Underlying Linked Securities, as more fully described in this 
Base Prospectus.  
Securities may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement (Cash Settled Securities) or 
physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities) as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, in which event, if the Issuer is Citigroup 
Inc., a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMHI, 
a supplement to the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMFL, a supplement 
to the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Securities, will be made available. 
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
Each of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), 
as competent authority (the Competent Authority) under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered an endorsement of any of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, or the CGMFL Guarantor or of 
the quality of the Securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Securities.  
Such approval by the Competent Authority relates only to Securities which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or replaced from 
time to time, MiFID II) or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. However, there 
can be no assurance that such applications will be approved or that, if approved, any such approval will 
be given within a specified timeframe. 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
for the Securities issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market. An electronic copy 
of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. 
In addition, application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Securities issued during 
the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus, the relevant documents incorporated by reference 
herein, and the Issue Terms of such Securities will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.luxse.com, for so long as the Securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Application may be made for Securities (other than Exempt Securities) issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB or to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT), but there can be 
no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case 
may be, or at all. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading (i) on the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) and (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (EuroTLX) but there can be no assurance that any such 
listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the 
avoidance of doubt, SeDeX and EuroTLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed to the official list 
and admitted to trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on 
or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may also be made for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on the Paris Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Paris 
(Euronext Paris) for the Securities issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) which is a multilateral trading facility (the 
Vienna MTF), but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of 
issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. Application may also be made for Securities issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries (the AIAF), but 
there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, 
as the case may be, or at all. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ Stockholm AB which is a multilateral trading 
facility (the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF), but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur 
on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. Application may also be 
made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the International Securities 
Market of the London Stock Exchange which is a multilateral trading facility (the ISM), but there can 
be no assurance that any such admission to trading will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any 
Securities, as the case may be, or at all. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on SPECTRUM which is a multilateral trading facility operated by 
SPECTRUM GmbH (SPECTRUM), but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on 
or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to a competent authority of another Member 
State of the EEA (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus, and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 
25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Securities are to Securities 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection 
with Exempt Securities. 
The International Securities Market (the ISM) of the London Stock Exchange plc (the London 
Stock Exchange) is a market designated for professional investors. Securities admitted to trading 
on the ISM are not admitted to the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The 
London Stock Exchange has not approved or verified the contents of this Base Prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars (the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Listing Particulars, the CGMHI Base Listing Particulars and the CGMFL Base Listing 
Particulars, respectively, and together, the Base Listing Particulars). Application will be made to 
Euronext Dublin for Securities issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange market (the Global Exchange 
Market) which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Application has also been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of the Base Listing Particulars with respect to 
Securities (including the Exempt Securities) issued by CGMFL and Exempt Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg act dated 
16 July 2019 on prospectus for securities. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Securities (including the Exempt Securities) issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date 
of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market (the Euro MTF). Application 
may also be made for Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base 
Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF. Application may also be made for 
Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be 
admitted to trading on the AIAF. Application may also be made for Securities issued by each Issuer 
during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on 
SPECTRUM. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date 
of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to trading on the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF. The Global 
Exchange Market and the Euro MTF and the Vienna MTF and the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF are not 
regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Each Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars, the CGMHI Base Listing Particulars and the CGMFL Base 
Listing Particulars constitutes admission particulars for the purposes of the International Securities 
Market Rulebook (the ISM Rulebook). Application has been made to the London Stock Exchange for 
Securities issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be 
admitted to trading on the ISM. 
Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Securities are to be admitted to 
trading on the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF or the Vienna MTF or the NASDAQ Stockholm 
MTF or the ISM or SPECTRUM references in this document to Base Prospectus, Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be construed to be to Base 
Listing Particulars, Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars, CGMHI Base Listing Particulars and 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars, respectively.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Securities are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and are 
intended to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and/or listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB and/or listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the MoT and/or 
admitted to trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG), on SeDeX, EuroTLX, the Vienna MTF, the AIAF, the NASDAQ 
Stockholm MTF, the ISM or SPECTRUM.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, 
EuroTLX, the Vienna MTF, the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, the ISM and SPECTRUM are not regulated 
markets for the purposes of MiFID II. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Securities 
may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and/or the Italian Stock Exchange

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
and/or any other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or the Open Market of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. As specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on the Global Exchange Market, the Euro MTF, the ISM, SPECTRUM and/or any other 
stock exchange or market that is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Securities are issued in Series (as defined in this Base Prospectus) and each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches (as defined in this Base Prospectus) of Securities. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms document (the Final Terms and references to the applicable Final Terms shall be construed 
accordingly) or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a pricing supplement (the Pricing Supplement and 
references to the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be construed accordingly). As used in this Base 
Prospectus, Issue Terms means either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references should be construed accordingly. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the Securities to the official list or 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, inter alia, the 
specific designation of the Securities, the aggregate principal amount or number of and type of the 
Securities, the date of issue of the Securities, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any), and 
the redemption amount of the Securities and, as relevant, the underlying security, share, bond, asset, 
index, commodity, rate, contract, currency or other item(s) and, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Skew Notes, each entity to which, depending on the credit of such entity, the return of the Notes 
(upon an early redemption or otherwise) is linked (each an Underlying) to which the Securities relate 
and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of such Securities. The applicable Final Terms 
completes the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities. The applicable Pricing Supplement 
supplements the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and 
Conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, replace and/or modify such Terms and Conditions. In 
respect of Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to 
Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Securities of that Tranche. In respect of Securities 
to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Securities of that Tranche. The issue 
price and amount of the Securities of any Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities will be as set out in "General Conditions of the Securities" 
and in the relevant Schedule(s) thereto. 
AN ISSUE OF SECURITIES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE 
BOUGHT 
AND 
TRADED 
BY 
INVESTORS 
WHO 
ARE 
PARTICULARLY 
KNOWLEDGEABLE IN INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
SECURITIES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE 
RELEVANT SECURITIES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND 
THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT SECURITIES AS AN 
INVESTMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL 
CONDITION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE 
THAT THEY HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL 
ADVICE TO MAKE THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER 
BUSINESS EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE 
SECURITIES AND ARE NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI 
GUARANTOR, THE CGMFL GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER IN THIS REGARD. 
SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, INCLUDING THE PRINCIPAL 
OR INITIAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT NOT BEING PROTECTED. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
Prospective investors should note that Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor are 
limited to the events stated in General Conditions 11(a)(i) and 11(a)(ii) (Events of Default) relating 
to default in payment of principal, interest or termination amounts in respect of the Securities but 
will not include the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), 
any other default of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee being (or being 
claimed not to be) in full force and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be 
declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings or disclaimed the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee, holders of Securities issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default 
under the Securities and thus will not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and 
payable, and the Securities will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of 
Default due to non-payment of interest, principal or termination amounts or bankruptcy or other 
default of CGMHI in the meantime or the occurrence of any other applicable event triggering an 
early redemption of the Securities).  It is possible that holders may receive a lower return at 
maturity than if they were able to accelerate the Securities for immediate repayment in such 
circumstances. 
Belgian Code of Economic Law 
In respect of public offers of Securities in Belgium, the Issuer could be required to comply with the 
provisions of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the 
application of the Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms 
relating to such Securities in Belgium, insofar as these provisions are applicable. 
Governing law of the Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme will be governed by English law (English Law Securities), Irish 
law (Irish Law Securities) or French law (French Law Securities) as specified in the Issue Terms. 
Form of Securities 
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Law 
Securities, Securities to be issued hereunder will be in registered form (Registered Securities) and will 
be represented by registered security certificates (Registered Security Certificates), one Registered 
Security Certificate being issued in respect of each holder's entire holding of Registered Securities of one 
Series. Registered Securities which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., (Clearstream, Luxembourg) (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear 
France S.A. (Euroclear France)) or the Depository Trust Company (DTC), as the case may be, will be 
represented by a global Registered Security Certificate (a Global Registered Security Certificate) 
registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of 
French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) or DTC, as the case may be, and the Global Registered 
Security Certificate will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or custodian, as 
the case may be. Interests in a Global Registered Security Certificate will be exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Security Certificates as described under "Form of the Securities" set out in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, indirect interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST 
Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism in Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST). 
Securities issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av financiella 
instrument) (SFIA Act) (Swedish Securities) will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act. No global or definitive registered Swedish Securities will 
be issued. The Swedish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the SFIA 
Act, other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear Sweden). 
Securities issued in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish 
Act on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended) (Finnish 
Securities) will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Account (Fin. laki 
arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)). No global or definitive registered Securities will be issued.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
The Finnish Securities will be registrable and transferable only in accordance with the legislation, rules 
and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland Ltd (Euroclear Finland). Finnish 
Securities will be subject to automatic redemption and be cash settled.  
French Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form and must at all times be in book-entry form in 
compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law 
Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued. The French Law 
Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of 
an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) (the Euroclear France Accountholder); or (ii) in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the Securityholder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Accountholder (and mirroring the 
inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable). French Law Securities will be accepted 
for clearance through Euroclear France, and through Euroclear France as an intermediary into Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
See section F.4 below for further information. 
U.S. notices 
None of the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee has 
been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL may be offered and sold 
outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S). Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI may be offered and sold within the 
United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in transactions exempt from registration 
under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). Securities 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) other than, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI, to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. Securities issued by CGMFL, which are guaranteed 
by the CGMFL Guarantor, will not be offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons at any time. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
transfers of Securities, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Any 
purchaser of Securities that is a registered U.S. investment company should consult its own counsel 
regarding the applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 
and the rules promulgated thereunder to its purchase of Securities and should reach an 
independent conclusion with respect to the issues involved in such purchase. 
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and any Entitlement do 
not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or 
options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA), and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the CFTC) pursuant to the CEA. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase 
and holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit 
plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or 
other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined 
by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is not required to be included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities 
Withdrawal rights 
Subject to and in accordance with Articles 8(11), 23(2) and 23(2a) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities offered to the public in a 
Member State of the EEA before this Base Prospectus is published have the right, exercisable within two 
working days after the publication of this Base Prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances, unless the 
Securities have already been delivered to them at the time this Base Prospectus is published. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the final date on which eligible investors may exercise such right of withdrawal is 
19 December 2023. Investors who wish to exercise such right of withdrawal may contact the relevant 
Authorised Offeror (as defined below).  
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Securities in Member States  
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt 
Offer. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Securities. 
However, any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities in any Member 
State of the EEA may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State) and published in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, PROVIDED THAT the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection 
with such offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (Retail Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the 
person making the Non-exempt Offer of such Securities. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility, in the 
jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus extends, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus under Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) who 
acquires any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom the Issuer has given consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus (an Authorised Offeror) in that connection, PROVIDED THAT the 
conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the Authorised Offeror. The consent and 
conditions attached to it are set out under "EEA Consent" and "Common Conditions to EEA Consent" 
below.  
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer has authorised the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Securities. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
 
CGMFL) and any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the context of the 
Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely 
on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
EEA Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (b) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer of Securities issued by it for the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer as provided below. In the event this Base 
Prospectus is replaced by a base prospectus of the Issuer which is approved and published by the Issuer 
during the Offer Period relating to a Non-exempt Offer of Securities then the Issuer's consent shall end 
on the date on which amended and restated Final Terms for any such Non-exempt Offer of Securities are 
published (the Consent Period). 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to EEA Consent": 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities by the relevant Dealer 
and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Securities by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; 
and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the Securities) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) 
published by [Citigroup Inc./ Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./ Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] (the Issuer). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer 
of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Securities in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject 
to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using 
the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and it agrees, 
represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the relevant Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL) 
and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
xv 
 
Any financial intermediary who is an Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets all of the 
conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to EEA Consent" below 
and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the 
duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) specified 
at paragraph (b)(ii) above. 
Common Conditions to EEA Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if shorter, the 
Consent Period; 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The 
Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, 
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any Tranche of Securities, be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be 
Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden 
and/or the Czech Republic, and accordingly each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors 
as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The 
Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, 
Romania, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation for such offer. 
Consent given in connection with public offers in Switzerland 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis 
of this Base Prospectus, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 36(4)(b) 
FinSA and Article 45 of the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO), as provided under 
"EEA Consent" above and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent 
and on the basis that for the purposes of the above:  
• 
references therein to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland"; 
• 
the reference in "EEA Consent" to "Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities in 
Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, 
Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the applicable Final Terms" is to "non-
exempt public offer(s) in Switzerland"; and 
• 
the paragraph commencing "The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any 
Tranche of Securities, be specified in the applicable Final Terms" in "EEA Consent" is deleted. 
General Consent is subject to the further condition that the financial intermediary is authorised to make 
a non-exempt public offer in Switzerland under applicable Swiss laws and regulations.

--- Page 16 ---
xvi 
 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST 
LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI 
GUARANTOR (WHERE THE ISSUER IS CGMHI), THE CGMFL GUARANTOR (WHERE 
THE ISSUER IS CGMFL) AND ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO 
AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
Citigroup Inc. has a long-term/short-term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC (S&P), A3/P-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (Moody's) and A/F1 by Fitch Ratings, 
Inc. (Fitch).1 
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A/A-1 by S&P, A2/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.2 
 
1 "BBB+" by S&P: An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. The addition of a plus sign shows the 
relative standing within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-2" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-2" has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A3" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-2" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-2" have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (source: 
www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
2 "A" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A2" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 17 ---
xvii 
 
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, and long term senior debt 
rating of A+ by Fitch and A1 by Moody's.3 
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.4 
The rating of a certain Tranche of Securities may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
S&P is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the EU CRA Regulation) or the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder 
(the UK CRA Regulation). The S&P ratings have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (SPGRE). SPGRE is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As 
such SPGRE is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in 
the United States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the EEA by the 
relevant market participants. On 1 January 2021, a new UK credit rating agency, S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited (SPGRUK) was registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) so that the credit 
ratings issued or endorsed by SPGRUK may be usable for certain regulatory purposes in the UK under 
the UK CRA Regulation. The S&P ratings have been endorsed by SPGRUK. SPGRUK is established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, SPGRUK is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-
rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The FCA has indicated that ratings issued 
in the United States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRUK may be used in the United 
Kingdom by the relevant market participants. Credit ratings assigned or endorsed by SPGRUK (including 
EU ratings issued by SPGRE) receive, respectively, "UK" or "UKE" regulatory identifiers.  
Moody's is not established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Moody's Investors 
Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, Moody's Investors Service Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
FCA on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK 
 
3 " A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
" A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
" A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
" A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
4 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 18 ---
xviii 
 
CRA Regulation. The FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have 
been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant 
market participants. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Moody's Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that 
ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants. 
Fitch is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under the 
EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Limited is included in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
FCA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The 
FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market participants. The Fitch 
ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States 
of America which have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited may be used in the EEA by the 
relevant market participants. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Securities will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Securities will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute 
unconditional liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or 
any other deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuers are not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of any Securities. 
An Index of Defined Terms is set out on pages 1259 to 1276 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealers of the Programme 
Citigroup

--- Page 19 ---
xix 
 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus (each 
as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
Citigroup Inc. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
CGMHI. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
CGMFL. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Citigroup Inc. accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue 
Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Securities. Citigroup Inc. does not take responsibility for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Citigroup Inc., the information 
contained in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction 
with "Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between 
Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue Terms 
for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche 
of Securities. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMHI, the information contained in the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important Information relating to Non-
exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
The CGMHI Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the 
Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. The CGMHI Guarantor does not 
take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge of the CGMHI Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc.") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important Information relating to Non-
exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMHI Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue Terms 
for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche 
of Securities. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMFL, the information contained in the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important Information relating to 
Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above.  
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and information set out in Section E.6 entitled "Alternative 
Performance Measures - Citigroup Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued 
under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. The CGMFL Guarantor

--- Page 20 ---
xx 
 
does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and the information set out in Section E.6 entitled "Alternative 
Performance Measures - Citigroup Inc.") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with 
"Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between 
Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
Where information in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as the case may be) has been sourced from a third party, the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, 
as far as the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, any information contained in it relating to the Underlying(s), will only consist of 
extracts from, or summaries of, and will be based solely on, information contained in financial and other 
information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in relation to Exempt Securities 
and a Pricing Supplement only, the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility 
for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case 
may be) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with 
the paragraphs immediately above. 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are 
incorporated by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus"). The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus"). The 
CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus"). The 
CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The Citigroup Inc. base prospectus (the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base 
Prospectus with the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc."; 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(d) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."; 
(e) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(f) 
the information in Section E.5 entitled "Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and

--- Page 21 ---
xxi 
 
(g) 
the information set out in Section E.7 "Alternative Performance Measures – CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the CGMHI Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."; and 
(d) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(e) 
the information in Section E.5 entitled "Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(f) 
the information set out in Section E.7 "Alternative Performance Measures – CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMFL base prospectus (the CGMFL Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Inc."; 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; and 
(d) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.". 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date 
of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of any Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 22 ---
xxii 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless 
specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the United States of America, 
the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, the British 
Virgin Islands, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the 
Dominican Republic, the Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, France, 
Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, the State 
of Kuwait, Mexico, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), the Russian Federation, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, 
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, the Republic of Turkey, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre) and Uruguay. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
The price and principal amount or number of securities (including any Securities) to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Securities are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of 
those things, by any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each potential 
purchaser of any Securities should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of any Securities should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Each potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus solely for the purpose of 
considering the purchase of Securities described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage of this Base 
Prospectus is unauthorised. None of the Dealers (in the case of CGML, in its capacity as Dealer) 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in any Securities of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Dealers. 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank of Ireland has not scrutinised 
or approved the information contained in such websites and none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes responsibility for the information contained in such 
websites.

--- Page 23 ---
xxiii 
 
In connection with any Tranche, one or more of the Dealers may act as a stabilisation manager (the 
Stabilisation Manager(s)). The identity of the Stabilisation Managers, if any, will be disclosed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Issue Terms may over allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to Euro, 
euro, € or EUR are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended (the Treaty), references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ are to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to Yen and JPY are to the currency of Japan, references to Renminbi, RMB, CNY 
are to the currency of the People's Republic of China, references to Sterling, and GBP are to the currency 
of the United Kingdom, references to Australian dollars and AUD are to the currency of the 
Commonwealth of Australia, references to New Zealand dollars are to the currency of New Zealand, 
references to Polish Zloty and PLN are to the currency of the Republic of Poland, references to Brazilian 
real are to the currency of the Federal Republic of Brazil, references to Czech Koruna and CZK are to 
the currency of the Czech Republic, and references to Norwegian Kroner and NOK are to the currency 
of the Kingdom of Norway.   
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus have 
the meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the terms of the Securities being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
None of the Securities has been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the 
United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the 
accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. The Securities do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not 
been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer makes any 
representation to any investor in any Securities regarding the legality of its investment under any 
applicable laws. Any investor in any Securities should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in such Securities for an indefinite period of time. 
Securities issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds – None of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or 
warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Securities will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or the assets 
comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (as defined in the "Investment Considerations"

--- Page 24 ---
xxiv 
 
section of this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether such assets meet any eligibility criteria set 
out in the Green Bond Framework, the Social Bond Framework or the Social Finance Framework (as 
defined in the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they responsible for 
the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Securities issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Social Finance Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the 
proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or assets 
comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. Each relevant framework and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the 
Citi website as described in the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or content of 
such materials. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United 
Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States 
is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed 
or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only if the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that 
the offer and sale of any Securities to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions 
and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA.

--- Page 25 ---
xxv 
 
Each purchaser or holder of Securities will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Securities, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or 
other transfer of such Securities as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. Information" section have the 
meanings given to them in "Form of the Securities". 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for in this Base Prospectus, or any 
other provision of this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from 
the date of commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated in it (the 
Transactions), any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose 
to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the 
Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to 
it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of 
Securities thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the 
tax treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding 
the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Citigroup Inc. has, in respect of Notes issued by it, undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll) 
and CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. have, in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI, undertaken in a deed poll 
dated 21 December 2015 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the CGMHI 
Rule 144A Deed Poll and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll, the Rule 144A Deed 
Polls) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of any Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A or 
any beneficial interest in such Notes, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the 
request, Citigroup Inc. is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder.  
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (CMA). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any 
part of this document. Prospective purchasers of Securities should conduct their own due diligence on 
the accuracy of the information relating to the Securities. If you do not understand the contents of this 
document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Securities issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents must only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and "Accredited Investors" (each as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB)) 
in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 
or the equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the CBB and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 2006, as 
amended). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered 
as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Securities, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to 
Accredited Investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.

--- Page 26 ---
xxvi 
 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved, registered or filed this Base Prospectus or related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Securities to be marketed for investment, 
whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the 
accuracy and completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole 
or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus.  No offer of Securities will be made to the public in 
the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be 
issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
Any offer of Securities to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain will be made by way of private placement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no offer of Securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
All offers of Securities to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain are therefore intended for "Accredited 
Investors" only. "Accredited Investors" are defined as investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars) excluding that person’s principal place of 
residence; 
(b) 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings, which have financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars); or 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, 
and state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state 
pension funds). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as Accredited Investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
(i) 
the investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value 
of transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) 
over the last twelve (12) month period; 
(ii) 
the size of the investor's financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; 
and/or 
(iii) 
the investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a 
professional position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services 
envisaged (i.e. the position was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the 
client to acquire knowledge of transactions or services that have comparable features and 
a comparable level of complexity to the transactions or services envisaged). 
All offers of Securities to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain will be made by way of private placement 
and may only be offered to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE SULTUNATE OF OMAN 
Under no circumstances shall the Securities be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the Sultanate of Oman in a way that would constitute as an offer of securities in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019) or otherwise under the laws 
of the Sultunate of Oman. This Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered 
as a prospectus with the Capital Market Authority of Oman or the Central Bank of Oman. This Base 
Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is provided on an exclusive basis to a limited number 
of sophisticated investors upon their request and initiative, and for the recipient’s personal use only. It is 
not for general circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not be reproduced or used for any other 
purpose.

--- Page 27 ---
xxvii 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF QATAR 
Under no circumstances shall the Securities be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer, sale or delivery of interest 
in any securities under the laws of the State of Qatar including the rules and regulations of the Qatar 
Central Bank (QCB), Qatar Financial Centre Authority (QFCA), Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority (QFCRA) and the Qatar Financial Markets Authority (QFMA). This Base Prospectus has not 
been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the QCB, the Qatar Exchange, the 
QFCRA or the QFMA in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar 
(including the regulations of the Qatar Financial Centre). Therefore, to the extent that this Base 
Prospectus is issued or otherwise made available in the State of Qatar, it is being issued on a strictly 
private and confidential basis to less than two hundred sophisticated investors in the State of Qatar who 
are willing and able to conduct an independent review of the risks involved in an investment of this 
nature. In the State of Qatar it  may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose nor provided to any 
other person other than the recipient thereof. The Securities are neither Qatari securities nor will they be 
traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Securities and interests therein do not constitute debt financing 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. 
(11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the regulations of the Qatar 
Financial Centre). The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a public or general offer or other invitation in respect of units in a collective investment scheme 
or other securities in the State of Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre and is only intended for specific 
recipients, in compliance with the foregoing. 
RUSSIAN NOTICES 
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, sell, exchange or otherwise 
transfer any securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and 
does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the 
meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended for 
any persons in the Russian Federation who are not "qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 
51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ "On the Securities Market" dated 22 April 1996, as amended (Russian 
QIs) and must not be distributed or circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any persons 
who are not Russian QIs, unless and to the extent they are otherwise permitted to access such information 
under Russian law. The Securities have not been and will not be registered in Russia and are not intended 
for "placement" or "circulation" in Russia (each as defined in Russian securities laws) or otherwise for 
sale to Russian persons unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. Information 
contained herein may not correspond to the risk profile of a particular investor, does not take in account 
one's personal preferences and expectations on risk and/or profitability and therefore does not constitute 
an individual investment recommendation for the purposes of Russian law. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN TURKEY 
This Base Prospectus is provided upon your request and this Base Prospectus (and any information 
contained herein) is for information purposes and is not intended to provide any investment advice or 
constitute an offer of Securities for sale, or solicitation of an offer to purchase of Securities by Turkish 
residents or toward the Turkish market. The Securities referred to herein have not been approved by the 
Capital Markets Board of Turkey (the CMB) and, therefore, no material, announcement or promotion, 
regardless of its form or medium, could be made or distributed to Turkish residents that would constitute 
"an offer of sale in Turkey or towards Turkish residents". Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 
regarding the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, however, a resident of Turkey may 
purchase Securities on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, provided that (i) such Securities are traded 
in the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through licensed banks and/or 
licensed brokerage institutions in Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such Securities 
has been or will be transferred through licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (EXCLUDING THE DUBAI 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE) 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) other than to a limited 
number of investors who qualify as professional investors as defined in the Securities and Commodities

--- Page 28 ---
xxviii 
 
Authority (SCA) Decision No. 13/RM/2021 on the Rules Handbook of Financial Activities and 
Mechanisms of Status Regularisation. No Securities have been or are being publicly offered, sold, 
promoted or advertised in the UAE. The Securities will be sold outside the UAE and are not part of a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus, any relevant documents and the Securities have not been reviewed 
or approved by, registered or deposited with, the UAE Central Bank, the SCA or any other relevant 
licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This Base Prospectus must not be shown, 
made available or provided to any person other than the original recipient and may not be reproduced or 
used for any other purpose. The Securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public 
in the UAE. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an 
authorised financial adviser. 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes 
of UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Securities in respect of which Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules), it has prepared the following Target Market Assessment and Distribution Strategy 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/Target-Market-and-Distribution-Strategy-UK-
EEA.pdf. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution strategy; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for (i) undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 29 ---
xxix 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................... 1  
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme.  
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................... 2 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be inherent in investing 
in Securities. 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 80 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor prior 
to making a decision as to whether to invest in the Securities. 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ............................................................................................. 99 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the 
Guarantors from other publicly available documents. This section also details where certain specified 
documents relating to the Securities are made available for viewing. 
 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................. 100 
 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................. 112 
 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................. 125 
 
SECTION D.4 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION .................................... 139 
 
SECTION D.5 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS ............................ 140 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR ............................................................................................... 141 
This section provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities as well as 
certain other information in respect of them. 
 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. ....................................................... 142 
 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC.
 ................................................................................................................................................. 151 
 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. ......................................................................................................... 157 
 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ......... 163 
 
SECTION E.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE ................................... 165 
 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. ... 170 
 . SECTION E.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR
 ................................................................................................................................................. 173

--- Page 30 ---
xxx 
 
SECTION F - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES .................................................................................................................................... 176 
This section sets out general information relating to the Programme, including Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme. 
 
SECTION F.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................... 177 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and clearing system(s) that 
may apply to Securities issued under the Base Prospectus, as well as explaining that there is no 
intention to provide post-issuance information. 
SECTION F.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES ............................................................................. 179 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Securities, including an 
explanation of the differences between a Tranche and a Series. 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES ..................... 180 
This section provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics 
which may have an effect on the return on the Securities. 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES .................................................................... 196 
This section describes the form of the Securities (which form may be global registered form, 
definitive registered form or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form). 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ................................................. 200 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through which a Series of 
Securities may be cleared. 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS ....................................................................................... 207 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Securities being acquired or held by 
certain United States pension and employee benefit plans and certain other plans such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans. 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS ..................................................................................................................... 208 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Securities 
in certain jurisdictions. 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES .................................................................... 235 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Securities. 
SECTION F.9 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE 
PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY ..................................................................................... 311 
This section sets out information that is relevant to Preference Share Linked Securities. 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ....................................... 313 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ................................... 317 
The General Conditions of the Securities set out the general terms and conditions relating to the 
Securities. These are generic provisions that apply to all Securities.

--- Page 31 ---
xxxi 
 
SECTION G.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES
 378 
The Underlying Schedules set out the terms and conditions relating to underlying assets. The 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Series of Securities will depend on which 
underlying asset(s) the Securities are linked to, which information will be detailed in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS ................................ 378 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS .............................. 387 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS .......................... 392 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ........................................ 398 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS .................................................... 403 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ....................... 412 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE 
CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................................ 422 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS .................................... 429 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS ................................................ 437 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS ........................................... 448 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS ...................... 449 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS .. 453 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS .................................................... 457 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS ........................ 460 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................. 465 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS ...................................... 642 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ....................................................................... 649 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule sets out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Securities. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Securities. The 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series 
of Securities. 
SECTION G.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................... 849 
The Pro Forma Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be completed 
with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are not Exempt Securities. 
When completed, the Final Terms should be read in conjunction with General Conditions of the 
Securities, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply 
to such Tranche of Securities and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, which together set out 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Securities. 
SECTION G.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................. 1056 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Exempt 
Securities. When completed, the Pricing Supplement should be read in conjunction with the 
General Conditions of the Securities, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the

--- Page 32 ---
xxxii 
 
applicable Pricing Supplement to apply to such Series of Securities and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, which together set out the terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify or supplement provisions set out in the 
General Conditions of the Securities, any relevant Underlying Schedule(s) and/or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule. 
SECTION H - STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES ................................................................... 1258 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................ 1259 
This section sets out a list of capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular 
definition ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found. 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................. 1277 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in relation 
to Securities or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes and CGMFL may from time to 
time issue Certificates (together, the Securities) including, for the avoidance of doubt, Securities issued 
under this Base Prospectus denominated or payable in any currency, subject as set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Securities issued under the Programme will be governed by English law (English Law 
Securities), Irish law (Irish Law Securities) or French law (French Law Securities) as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will be set out in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities which, for the purpose of Securities issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, shall mean the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Securities" endorsed on, scheduled to, or incorporated by reference into, 
the Securities, as completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, 
as applicable, by Part A of the applicable Pricing Supplement in each case, as attached to, or endorsed 
on, such Securities.

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
2 
 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Securities, you assume the risk that the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. There is a wide range of 
factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor becoming unable to 
satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to 
determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor's or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor's control. The Issuer 
and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under, or to deliver assets on or in 
connection with, the Securities.  
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Securities and, as a 
result, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and reach your own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Risks relating to Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2 
Risks Relating to Securities Generally 
10 
Risks Relating to Securities Linked to Underlying(s) 
22 
Risks Associated with Securities Linked to Rates and Benchmark Reform 
49 
Risks Associated with Certain Types of Securities and Certain Product Features 
56 
Risks Specific to Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes  
60 
 
RISKS RELATING TO CITIGROUP INC., CGMHI, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, CGMFL 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects of one or more of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and cause one or more of Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or the CGMFL Guarantor's future results to be materially 
different from expected results. Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor's results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The factors 
discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks 
and uncertainties Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and the CGMFL 
Guarantor's businesses face. Each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. 
There may be additional risks that Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and any 
of these risks could have the effects set forth above. You should note that you bear the Issuer's, the 
CGMHI Guarantor's (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor's (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) solvency risk.

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
3 
 
The ability of each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to 
fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case 
may be, is dependent on the earnings of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries 
CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are 
in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory 
authorities. Its respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable 
regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, CGMHI's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
issued by it may be adversely affected, and consequently the value of and return on such Securities may 
also be adversely affected.  
In addition, Citigroup Inc. (also the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMHI) is a 
holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that generate 
revenues. It services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. The 
ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or advances are dependent on a number of factors. For 
example, certain of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries have co-branding and private label credit card 
relationships with various retailers and merchants through Group-branded cards and retail services credit 
card businesses. The five largest of these relationships constituted an aggregate of approximately 10 per 
cent. of the revenues of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (together the Group) for 2022. These 
relationships could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic environment, 
declining sales and revenues or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant, termination due 
to a breach by a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other factors, including bankruptcies, 
liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that would restrict the ability of the 
subsidiaries of Citigroup Inc. to pay dividends. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance and securities businesses 
can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state regulatory authorities. Respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit 
agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise 
sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to 
further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Inc.'s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee may be 
adversely affected, and consequently the value of and return on the Securities issued by it or CGMHI 
(which have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected.  
The subsidiaries of CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly 
credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and 
foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services 
industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading 
activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. 
These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the 
subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends and/or advances, whether to CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (or both), may be affected 
by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the presence of 
certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen in relation to 
the potential impact of the UK's exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal government's 
indication that it may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, the businesses of CGMHI and/or Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries. The presence of certain 
subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number of risks, including sovereign volatility, 
foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their compliance and regulatory risks and 
costs. As a result, the dividends and/or advances subsidiaries are able to pay may be impacted which 
could have a negative effect on the ability of CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. to fulfil its obligations under the 
Securities, and consequently the value of and return on such Securities may also be adversely affected.

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
4 
 
The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by it is dependent on  CGML 
performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL  
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative 
transactions with CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to securityholders under securities issued by it 
(which may include the Securities). As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form 
of counterparty risk in respect of such derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities is primarily dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations 
owed to CGMFL in respect of such derivative transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML 
to do so will negatively affect the ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. 
Securityholders will not have any recourse to CGML under any such derivative transactions. 
The military action by Russia in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar actions 
or laws could adversely affect the Group's business activities and customers  
The recent action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions 
between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the European Union and the UK. The U.S. has imposed, and is 
likely to impose material additional, financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain 
Russian organisations and/or individuals, with similar actions implemented and/or planned by the 
European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions. The packages of financials and economic sanctions 
imposed by the U.S., the UK, and the European Union, in various ways, constrain transactions with 
numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, 
and financing to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. The Group's ability to engage in activity with 
certain consumer and institutional businesses in Russia and Ukraine or involving certain Russian or 
Ukrainian businesses and customers is dependent in part upon whether such engagement is restricted 
under any current or expected U.S., European Union, UK or other countries' sanctions and laws, or is 
otherwise discontinued in light of these developments. Sanctions and export controls, as well as any 
actions by Russia, could adversely affect the Group's business activities and customers in and from 
Russia and Ukraine. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, 
could have negative impacts on regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, including 
without limitation global energy markets. The extent of the impact on the Group will continue to depend 
significantly on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted.  
Any negative impact of Russia's actions in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar 
actions or laws on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Securities, and the value of and return on the Securities may 
also be adversely affected. 
Rapidly evolving challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and 
globally will likely continue to have negative impacts on the Group's businesses and results of 
operations and financial condition 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected all of the countries and jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
including severely impacting global health, financial markets, consumer and business spending and 
economic conditions. The extent of the future pandemic impacts remain uncertain and will likely evolve 
by region, country or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health 
consequences, including the duration and further spread of the coronavirus as well as any variants 
becoming more prevalent and impactful; further production, distribution, acceptance and effectiveness 
of vaccines; availability and efficiency of testing; the public response; and government actions. The 
future impacts to global economic conditions may include, among others: 
• 
further disruption of global supply chains; 
• 
higher inflation; 
• 
higher interest rates; 
• 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets;

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
5 
 
• 
additional closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues 
and net losses; 
• 
further institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of the 
public in and among the U.S. and other countries; and 
• 
reduced U.S. and global economic output. 
The pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on the Group's businesses and overall 
results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact on the 
Group's operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and 
initiatives, will continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and globally. Such 
developments are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the course of the coronavirus, as well as 
any weakness or slowing in the economic recovery or a further economic downturn, whether due to 
further supply chain disruptions, inflation trends, higher interest rates or otherwise.  
The pandemic may not be sufficiently contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis 
could reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines or 
weakness in employment trends and business and consumer confidence. These factors could negatively 
impact global economic activity and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Group's 
products and services and in its revenues; further increase the Group's credit and other costs; and may 
result in impairment of long-lived assets or goodwill. These factors could also cause an increase in the 
Group's balance sheet, risk-weighted assets and allowance for credit losses, resulting in a decline in 
regulatory capital ratios or liquidity measures, as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels 
and/or limitations or reductions in capital distributions (such as common share repurchases and 
dividends). Moreover, any disruption or failure of the Group's performance of, or its ability to perform, 
key business functions, as a result of the continued spread of COVID-19 or otherwise, could adversely 
affect the Group's operations. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group's consumer and corporate borrowers will vary by sector or 
industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, particularly as credit and customer 
assistance support further winds down, which could lead to increased pressure on their results of 
operations and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings downgrades, thus likely leading 
to higher credit costs for the Group. These borrowers include, among others, businesses that are more 
directly impacted by the institution of social distancing, the movement of the public and store closures. 
In addition, stress levels ultimately experienced by the Group's borrowers may be different from and 
more intense than assumptions made in prior estimates or models used by the Group, resulting in an 
increase in the Group's allowance for credit losses or net credit losses, particularly as the benefits of fiscal 
stimulus and government support programs diminish. 
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from 
the pandemic could further affect the Group's businesses, operations and financial performance. The 
Group could also face challenges, including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its efforts to provide 
relief measures. Such efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, litigation, including class 
actions, and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such actions may result in judgments, 
settlements, penalties and fines adverse to the Group. In addition, the different types of government 
actions could vary in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions with varying degrees of 
effectiveness. 
The Group has taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its colleagues; however, these 
measures could result in additional expenses, and illness of employees could negatively affect staffing 
for a period of time. In addition, the Group's ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key areas 
could be negatively impacted by pandemic restrictions as well as the Group's COVID-19 vaccination 
requirements. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic or business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes 
in financial markets, fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and 
corporate client behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and 
changes may make the Group's longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
6 
 
more difficult or costly. The Group and its management and businesses may also experience increased 
or different competitive and other challenges in this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt 
or compete effectively, the Group could experience loss of business and its results of operations and 
financial condition could suffer. 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Securities, and consequently the 
value of and return on such Securities may also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor 
You should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to 
the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into 
insolvency proceedings or disclaims the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, notwithstanding that you are a 
holder of Securities issued by CGMHI, you will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the 
Securities and thus will not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and payable, and the 
Securities will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment 
of interest or principal or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that you 
may receive a lower return at maturity than if you were able to accelerate the Securities for immediate 
repayment in such circumstances. 
Under U.S. banking law, Citigroup Inc. may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a bank 
holding company (such as Citigroup Inc.) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its U.S 
insured depositary institutions and to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, 
Citigroup Inc. may be required to commit resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its U.S 
insured depositary institutions in amounts or at times that could adversely affect its ability to also fulfil 
its obligations under the Securities issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and consequently 
the value of and return on the Securities issued by it or CGMHI (which have the benefit of a guarantee 
of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected. 
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Securities could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Securityholders in a resolution scenario 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules (QFC Stay Rules) designed to improve the resolvability 
and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations (G-SIBs) and the U.S. 
operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified financial 
contracts (QFCs) in resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, are "covered entities" subject to the QFC Stay Rules. Certain of the Securities (such 
Securities, Covered Instruments), the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
– to the extent those guarantees relate to Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (OLA) 
(together, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved 
under ordinary insolvency proceedings. To achieve this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities 
(such as Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor) to ensure that their QFCs subject 
to the QFC Stay Rules (including any Securities which are Covered Instruments) (i) contain an express 
contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate 
becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit 
enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate's 
entry into insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
7 
 
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of 
Securities which are Covered Instruments, and (in relation to Covered Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under 
such Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) from the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same 
extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain an express contractual recognition that, 
in the event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any of their 
affiliates becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no greater 
extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, 
"default rights" include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment or 
delivery thereunder. See General Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special 
Resolution Regimes). 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity 
incorporated in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain 
determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each "covered 
entities" for the purposes of the QFC Stay Rules and are required to include the above-described 
acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, 
are eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.  
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect 
the rights of the holders of Securities issued by CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (e.g. in respect of the right to 
demand payment), and accordingly, the price or value of their investment in any such Security and/or the 
ability of such Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Securities, which could result in losses to the 
holders of Securities issued by CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. of some or all of their investment. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of the relevant 
requirements and market practice is continuing to evolve. If you are in any doubt about the 
categorisation of any Securities as QFCs and the effect of any proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime on such Securities, you should take advice from such professional advisers as 
you may deem necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 17 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) shall limit the ability of 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant entity 
becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any 
such substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to comply with the 
substitution criteria set out in General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Guarantor). Any such substitution could adversely affect the rights of Securityholders, 
the price and/or value of their investment in the Securities and/or performance under the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be. 
A reduction of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's ratings may reduce the market value and 
liquidity of the relevant Securities   
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
Issuer's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, the CGMFL Guarantor's and/or their affiliates' creditworthiness. Such 
perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates by standard statistical 
rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding 
debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or the securities

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
8 
 
issued by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading 
value of the Securities. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of an Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances 
warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels. 
The rating agencies continuously evaluate Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of 
Citigroup Inc.'s and its subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, 
including financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citigroup Inc. and its 
subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. If a rating agency 
reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of an Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or any affiliate thereof, the 
liquidity and market value of the Securities and, where applicable, the CGMHI Guarantor's or CGMFL 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely affected.  
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody's or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact 
on Citigroup Inc.'s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and 
derivative triggers and additional margin requirements.  Ratings downgrades could also have a negative 
impact on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which 
there are no explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible 
counterparties, of which Citigroup Inc. may or may not be aware. A reduction in Citigroup Inc.'s or its 
subsidiaries' credit ratings could also widen Citigroup Inc.'s credit spreads or otherwise increase its 
borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of the foregoing factors may negatively 
impact the value of and return on the Securities. 
For information on the credit ratings of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, 
please refer to the sub-section entitled "Credit Ratings" in "Important Information relating to Offers of 
Securities" at page xvi above. 
Citigroup Inc. may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a 
negative impact on the market value of the Securities issued by it or (in the case of Securities issued 
by CGMHI) its ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations 
As a global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citigroup Inc.'s 
businesses. Citigroup Inc.'s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted 
by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of Citigroup Inc.'s 
creditworthiness. 
In addition, Citigroup Inc.'s costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding 
are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market 
factors and factors specific to Citigroup Inc., and can be highly volatile. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are 
seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely to occur in a 
liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a 
temporary or lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing 
organisations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which Citigroup Inc. interacts may 
exercise the right to require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, 
which could further impair Citigroup Inc.'s access to and cost of funding.  
These factors may negatively impact the market value of the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or (in 
the case of Securities issued by CGMHI) Citigroup Inc.'s ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations. 
Actions taken under the Banking Act in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of and return on Securities issued by CGMFL 
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the Banking Act), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the 
Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (the 
PRA) (together, the Authorities) as part of a special resolution regime (the SRR). These powers may be

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
9 
 
exercised in respect of certain UK entities (each a relevant entity), including certain PRA-designated 
investment firms such as the CGMFL Guarantor.  
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank 
administration and bank insolvency). The stabilisation options provide for: (i) private sector transfer of 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant 
entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of all or part of the business 
of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned and controlled by the Bank of England; (iv) 
writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or converting certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity, (the bail-in option), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of 
the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, the Authorities have wide powers under the 
Banking Act including powers to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances and powers 
for HM Treasury to disapply or modify laws (with possible retroactive effect) to enable the stabilisation 
powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively.  
The SRR may be triggered prior to insolvency of the Guarantor 
The purpose of the stabilisation options is to address the situation where all or part of a business of a 
relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public 
interest concerns. Accordingly, the relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant 
Authority is satisfied that a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail; (b) following consultation with the 
other Authorities, the relevant Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the 
stabilising options) action will be taken that will result in the condition referred to in (a) ceasing to be 
met; and (c) the Authorities consider the exercise of the stabilisation options to be necessary, having 
regard to the public interest considerations (such as the stability of the UK financial system, public 
confidence in the UK banking system and the protection of depositors ).  It is therefore possible that one 
of the stabilisation options could be exercised prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings 
with respect to the relevant entity could be initiated. 
The terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee may be modified without the consent of the Securityholders 
If the stabilisation options were exercised under the SRR in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, HM 
Treasury or the Bank of England may exercise extensive powers, including share transfer powers 
(applying to a wide range of securities), property transfer powers (including powers for partial transfers 
of property, rights and liabilities subject to certain protections in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor) and 
resolution instrument powers (including powers to make special bail-in provisions).  Exercise of these 
powers could involve taking various actions in relation to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee without the 
consent of the Securityholders, including (among other things) modifying or disapplying the terms of the 
Guarantee.  
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Securityholders, the price or value of 
their investment in the Securities and/or the ability of the CGMFL Guarantor to satisfy its obligations 
under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. In such circumstances, Securityholders may have a claim for 
compensation under one of the compensation schemes existing under, or contemplated by, the Banking 
Act, but there can be no assurance that Securityholders would thereby recover compensation promptly 
or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
A partial transfer of the CGMFL Guarantor's business may result in a deterioration of its 
creditworthiness 
If the CGMFL Guarantor were made subject to the SRR and a partial transfer of its business to another 
entity were effected, the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred and 
remaining with the CGMFL Guarantor (which may include the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) will result 
in a deterioration in the creditworthiness of the CGMFL Guarantor and, as a result, increase the risk that 
it will be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and/or eventually 
become subject to administration proceedings pursuant to the Banking Act.  In such circumstances, 
Securityholders may have a claim for compensation under one of the compensation schemes existing 
under, or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there can be no assurance that Securityholders would 
thereby recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
10 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Authorities have not made an instrument or order 
under the Banking Act in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor and there has been no indication that they 
will make any such instrument or order.  However, there can be no assurance that this will not change 
and/or that Securityholders will not be adversely affected by any such order or instrument if made. 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES GENERALLY 
An investment in Securities involves risks (as further described in the paragraphs below) and should only 
be made after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in 
the value of the security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, commodities, shares, depositary 
receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, warrants, proprietary indices, dividend futures 
contracts, interest rates, preference shares or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), 
as well as the terms and conditions of the Securities. More than one risk factor may have simultaneous 
effects with regard to the Securities such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. 
In addition, more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable. 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
You should be prepared to sustain a total or partial loss of the purchase price of your Securities.  
Other than any Securities having a scheduled minimum redemption value, Securities purchased may be 
worthless on redemption. In addition, the Securities will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least 
the issue price if the applicable Issue Terms provide that the Redemption Amount at maturity is an 
amount equivalent to at least such amount. If the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount may 
be less than the issue price, such Securities may be redeemed at an amount less than such price. If the 
Securities are redeemed at less than the issue price or the Securities are cancelled or repaid early in 
accordance with their terms, the amount received by you, as a holder of such Securities, may be less than 
your initial investment.  
Furthermore, the Securities may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed early, and if so, the price 
for which a Security may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount of such 
Security and/or your initial investment in such Securities. 
For Securities which are linked to Underlying(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your 
investment, you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated 
change in the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more 
a Security is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that 
you will lose all or part of your investment. The only means through which you can realise value from a 
Security prior to the maturity date in relation to such Security is to sell it at its then market price in an 
available secondary market (if any). Fluctuations in the value or the yield (if applicable) or the relevant 
rates of exchange (if applicable) of the relevant Underlying(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Securities. You risk losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) does not 
move in the anticipated direction.  
Further, you may receive no interest during the term of the Securities. 
Securities are unsecured obligations and subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor 
All Securities will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Securities issued by 
it will rank equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be 
unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor. The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor. See General 
Condition 4 (Status). 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities issued by it, the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee represent general contractual obligations of each respective entity and of no other person. 
Only Securities issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Only Securities issued

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
11 
 
by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be 
guaranteed by any entity. 
Accordingly, all payments under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and, where the 
Issuer is CGMHI, of the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, of the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Securityholders will not have recourse to any secured assets of the Issuer and, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor in the event that 
the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor is unable to meet its obligations under the Securities, including e.g. 
in the event of an insolvency, and therefore risk losing some or all of their investment. 
A sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may result in a loss to the investor  
The value of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption varies as the price or level of the 
Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the trading 
price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, 
(iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption Amounts, (v) any 
change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency 
exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) and (viii) any related 
transaction costs. Depending on the above factors (e.g. if movements in the price or level of the 
Underlying(s) reduce the probable range of any Redemption Amounts), a sale of Securities prior to their 
scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original purchase price and you may lose 
some or all of your investment. 
Securities which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount 
or issue or offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
Securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. Such price volatility could lead to a greater loss than otherwise on any sale 
of the Security prior to its scheduled redemption or an inability to sell the Security in the secondary 
markets. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price 
The issue price and/or offer price of Securities may include fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other 
commissions and inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Securities in the secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or 
offer price of the Securities and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. 
Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Securities and consequently a 
loss to the investor, particularly in relation to any such Securities sold immediately following the issue 
date or offer period relating to such Securities.  
The secondary market 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors 
should be prepared to hold their Securities until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very 
liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find a timely 
and/or suitable purchaser. If it is possible to sell Securities, they would be sold for the prevailing bid 
price in the market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by 
several factors including the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the time 
of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or, where 
the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The introduction of additional or competing products 
in the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any Securities.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Securities easily or at all or at prices that will provide 
you with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices 
equal to or higher than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than 
the original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
12 
 
the term of the Securities is in line with your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case 
should the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Securities having 
to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or issue or offer price, or for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Securities. The liquidity of Securities is also influenced by the type of investor to whom 
such Securities are sold. To the extent that an issue of Securities is or becomes illiquid, you may have to 
hold the relevant Securities until maturity before you are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Securities on a stock exchange or regulated market. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for 
the relevant Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Securities may be 
adversely affected. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on 
trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading 
systems or "MTFs") or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In 
the event that trading in such Securities takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market 
or trading systems, the manner in which the price of such Securities is determined may be less transparent 
and the liquidity of such Securities may be adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, 
(if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer grants any warranty to Securityholders as to the 
methodologies used to determine the price of Securities which are traded outside a trading system. 
However, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such Securities, it will take into 
account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of law. 
Even if Securities are listed and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Securities so 
purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Securities are surrendered for 
cancellation, then the number of Securities outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the 
outstanding Securities. Any such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant 
Securities in the secondary market and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where 
applicable, part of its activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related 
products or otherwise, may make a secondary market in relation to any Securities and may provide an 
indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant 
party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a 
representation by such party that any Securities can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and 
any of the parties specified above may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative 
prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these circumstances, there may be no market for 
the relevant Securities and you should not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly you must 
be prepared to hold the Securities until the maturity date, and may not be able to sell them prior to such 
date or, if you can, you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected by it. 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and/or the date of purchase or subscription of any Securities may change at any time (including during 
any subscription period or the term of any Securities) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment which will apply to the Securities at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse 
effect on you including that your Securities may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may 
decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to you may be less favourable 
than otherwise expected by you.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
13 
 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Underlying(s) and 
the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. This may in turn affect the market value, 
trading price and volatility of, and return on, the Securities. This is because the amounts received and/or 
value of assets deliverable under the Securities will depend on (among other things) the performance of 
any such Underlying(s) and the Securities may be subject to early redemption as a result of events related 
to hedging arrangements. In addition, amounts and/or assets due under the Securities may be reduced to 
reflect costs related to hedging arrangements.  
For example, in October 2020, the CFTC adopted rules to establish revised or new limits on the size of 
the positions any person may hold in 25 agricultural, metals and energy futures contracts and futures, 
options and swaps that are economically equivalent to those futures contracts. The limits apply to a 
person’s combined position in the specified 25 futures contracts and options on futures ("core referenced 
futures contracts"), futures and options on futures directly or indirectly linked to the core referenced 
futures contracts, and economically equivalent swaps. These rules came into effect on 1 January 2022 
for covered futures and options on futures contracts and on 1 January 2023 for covered swaps. These 
limits may subject certain transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase 
costs in relation to some types of hedging activity by the relevant Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any 
of their respective affiliates. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act require certain Underlying(s) or 
hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central 
data repositories and, in some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, volatility and cost. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct 
requirements on persons active in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin 
requirements), which may affect the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging 
transactions. Such regulation may consequently affect the market value, trading price and volatility of, 
and return on, the Securities. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Securities 
and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Securities denominated in a Specified Currency and/or payable in a currency other than 
the currency of your jurisdiction (your currency) entails significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, but are not limited 
to: 
• 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and 
the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; 
• 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; and 
• 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which none of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
has any control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as economic and political events and the 
supply of, and demand for, the relevant currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Securities may be 
denominated and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Security.  Depreciation of the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency of a Security against your currency would result in a 
decrease in the effective yield of such Security below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a 
substantial loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Specified 
Currency and/or payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Security. There can be

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
14 
 
no assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Securities which are 
denominated in any such Specified Currency and/or payment currency. Even if there are no actual 
exchange controls, it is possible that a Specified Currency and/or payment currency would not be 
available to the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor when payments on a Security are due because of circumstances 
beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor. Any such 
restriction, prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively affect the value of and 
return on the Securities, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Specified Currency and/or payment currency and/or your 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Securities and payments 
thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Security are required to be made may be redenominated, for 
example, because such currency is: 
• 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's control; 
• 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
• 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international 
banking community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Security is officially redenominated, other than as 
a result of Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency 
that is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor on such 
Security immediately following the redenomination will be the amount of redenominated currency that 
represents the amount of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations immediately before the 
redenomination.  
The Securities will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
• 
any change in the value of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency of those Securities 
relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
• 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that 
composite currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
Securities other than French law Securities 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders 
to consider matters which may have a general or specific effect upon your interests. Matters decided at 
such meetings may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities, and further, 
the vote of a defined majority may be binding on all Securityholders, including those Securityholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities also provide that the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, (i) any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the 
relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
15 
 
relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or 
(ii) any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. In determining what is "materially prejudicial", the Issuer shall not consider the 
individual circumstances of any Securityholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in 
any jurisdiction. Any such amendment to the Securities could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on the Securities or, without limitation, a Securityholder's tax, regulatory or accounting 
treatment of such Securities. 
French Law Securities 
In the case of French Law Securities, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities can only be amended if 
there is a quorate meeting of the Securityholders in accordance with Article L.225-98 of the French Code 
de Commerce or a written decision of the Securityholders in accordance with French law. The positive 
vote of two-thirds (for a meeting of Securityholders) or three-quarters (for a written decision of the 
Securityholders) or more of such Securityholders present or represented will bind the remaining 
Securityholders. 
In respect of French Law Securities which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issuer may amend the 
Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the Securityholders to correct a manifest error. 
See further General Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and 
Rounding). 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Securities in the EEA  
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Securities that are not Exempt Securities may be distributed 
by means of a public offer made in the specified Member State(s) of the EEA during an offer period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer and/or any other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such offer and/or to scale back 
applications for such offer in the event of over-subscription or such other circumstances as are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. In such circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any 
Securities or may be issued a number of Securities which is less than the amount for which such applicant 
investor applied. Any payments made by an applicant investor or, in the case of public offers in Italy any 
amount segregated by a distributor as intended payment of the offer price by an applicant investor, for 
Securities that are not issued to such applicant investor for any such reason will be refunded. However, 
there will be a time lag in making any reimbursement, no interest or compensation will be payable in 
respect of any such amounts and the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.  
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving 
notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur, 
even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have 
an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued. This may in turn have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the relevant Securities, with the result that you may not be able to sell the Securities prior to 
the maturity date or, if you can, that you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Further, you should note that, in certain circumstances, Securities may not be issued on the originally 
designated issue date, for example because either the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has reserved the right to postpone such issue date or, following the publication 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus the Issuer has decided to postpone such issue date to allow 
investors who had made applications to subscribe for Securities before the date of publication of such 
Supplement to exercise their right to withdraw their acceptances. In the event that the issue date is so 
delayed, no interest shall accrue (if applicable) until the issue date of the Securities and no compensation 
shall be payable.

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
16 
 
Certain risks relating to public offers of the Securities in Italy 
You should note that the applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of an offer of 
Securities in the Republic of Italy will be conditional upon admission to listing (in the case of a regulated 
market) or to trading (in the case of a multilateral trading facility) occurring by the issue date. In such 
case, in the event that such admission to listing or, as the case may be, trading of the Securities does not 
take place by the issue date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw the offer, the offer will be 
deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a consequence, you will not 
receive any Securities, any subscription rights you have for the Securities will be cancelled and you will 
not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
If the Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will 
have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according 
to the terms indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer 
early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to 
the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where 
the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the 
aggregate number of Securities issued and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the 
Securities. Furthermore, in such circumstances, investors who have already paid or delivered 
subscription monies for the relevant Securities will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but 
will not receive any remuneration that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery 
of subscription monies and the reimbursement of the Securities. 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Securities is 
conditional upon admission to trading on the relevant multilateral trading facility indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading 
of the Securities does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the 
offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a 
consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Securities, any subscription rights the potential 
investor has for the Securities will be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated 
issue date, and related interest payment dates. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include subscription fees, placement fees, 
direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs.  Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken 
into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Securities on the secondary market and 
could result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the 
Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any 
such difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities, particularly immediately 
following the offer and the issue date relating to such Securities, where any such fees and/or costs may 
be deducted from the price at which such Securities can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary 
market. 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Securities confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some 
discretion in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Securities including, 
inter alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such 
other persons will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), but there can be no 
assurance that the exercise of any such discretion will not affect the value of the Securities or result in 
the occurrence of an early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent and Securityholders, including with respect to such judgements, determinations

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
17 
 
and calculations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may influence the 
amount receivable or specified assets deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their 
affiliates and/or any third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the 
United States, the EEA or the United Kingdom may be the sponsor of an Underlying and may publish 
values or prices or other projections of creditworthiness in respect of an Underlying. Any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates may 
also from time to time engage in transactions involving Underlying(s) for their proprietary accounts or 
for other accounts under their management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and 
regulations. Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or their affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Underlying(s). Any 
of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or their 
affiliates may also act as underwriter or counterparty in connection with future offerings of shares or 
other securities or obligations related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial adviser to certain 
companies or companies whose securities are Underlying(s) in respect of one or more issues of Securities 
or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. These activities may have a negative effect on 
the value of the relevant Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Securities. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may at the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time hereafter be in 
possession of information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material and may or may not be 
publicly available to Securityholders. There is no obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors 
in Securities or to Securityholders any such information. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with the issuer of, or other 
entity associated with, any Underlying(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk 
management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it 
deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to 
the consequences for you, which could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
Where Securities are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to 
a mandate granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of such Securities, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and CGMHI and/or the CGMHI Guarantor 
In relation to Securities issued by CGMFL or Securities issued by CGMHI where "Substitution 
provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the holders, but subject 
to certain conditions, substitute for itself another company. 
In relation to Securities issued by CGMFL, depending on whether "Additional Requirements" are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, amongst other conditions, the substitute 
company, on the date of such substitution, must either (i) be, in the opinion of CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least equivalent standing and creditworthiness to it, or (ii) unless 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor unconditionally guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
substitute company, demonstrate a long term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised 
credit rating agency active in the international capital markets (including but not limited to Standard & 
Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted. 
Any such substitution could have a material adverse impact on the rights of Securityholders, the value of 
and return on the Securities issued by CGMFL or Securities issued by CGMHI and/or performance under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (as the case may be). 
See further General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor).

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
18 
 
Realisation Disruption 
Other than in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, if "Realisation Disruption" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, 
either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, charges or deductions in respect of the Securities 
and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities which would materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, any Hedging Party's obligations under any such hedging arrangements, or (ii) the 
occurrence or existence of any event which either materially restricts the exchange, delivery or transfer 
of the currency of payment of the Securities or of any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
or restricts the determination of any exchange rate in relation to any such currency), then either (a) the 
terms and conditions of the Securities (including any payment or delivery obligations) may be adjusted 
in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may 
redeem the Securities.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to): (i) payments under 
the Securities being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the 
Securities; (ii) deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the 
Securities resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Securities or delivery of any Entitlement 
being subject to payment by the relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any 
such tax, charge or deduction; (iii) delay of payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities until the 
relevant restrictions are lifted; (iv) determination of relevant exchange rates by the Calculation Agent 
taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a different 
rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption Event not occurred; and (v) (where 
legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Securities, procuring the physical 
delivery of any Underlying(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above adjustments could produce a materially 
different redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Securities and could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to 
you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption). 
Obligor Regulatory Event 
If Obligor Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and an Obligor 
Regulatory Event occurs (being, in summary, a change in law after the Trade Date which results in the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor (i) becoming subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment, (ii) 
suffering any increased costs in connection with the Securities, including any costs associated with 
hedging the Securities or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves in respect of the Securities 
or (iii) being materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Securities and/or the 
relevant Deed of Guarantee, as applicable), the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of such Securities. 
If the Securities are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or such other 
amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
An Underlying RMB Currency Event refers to the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability or Underlying RMB Illiquidity (each, as defined in the Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions). If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and if such event occurs, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to exercise 
its option to (a) postpone any payment in RMB due under the Securities to a later date (being 10 Business 
Days following the date on which such Underlying RMB Currency Event ceases to exist); or (b) replace 
the Issuer's obligation to pay in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
19 
 
converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. Alternatively, the Issuer 
may early redeem each Security at its Early Redemption Amount.  
In case of (a) or (b), investors may receive a late payment or depending on the conversion rate that is 
applied, a payment less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Securities. If the Securities 
are early redeemed pursuant to (b), the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or such other amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid 
to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency 
Event). 
Illegality in relation to Securities 
If "Early Redemption for Illegality" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Securities or, where the 
Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of such Securities or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in 
respect of such Securities has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem 
the Securities early and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, will pay to you, as a holder of 
such Securities (i) in respect of Underlying Linked Securities, an amount calculated, notwithstanding 
such illegality, in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) in respect 
of Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities, an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant 
Condition or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Section 871(m) Event 
In circumstances that constitute a "Section 871(m) Event" (being the occurrence at any time of 
circumstances in which the Issuer, and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor 
and/or save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not 
applicable, any Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or 
CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor and/or save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 
871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding 
or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) (as defined in "Risks relating to the United States 
Tax Treatment of the Securities") with respect to the relevant Securities and/or the Deed of Guarantee 
and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not 
applicable, any underlying Hedging Positions), if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an Early Redemption Event will occur in which case the relevant Securities may be early redeemed as 
more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Securities. 
If the Securities are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could lose some or all of 
your investment. 
Risks relating to the United States tax treatment of the Securities 
The United States Tax Treatment of Certain Securities is Unclear 
For U.S. federal tax purposes, the proper treatment and characterisation of Securities that are not treated 
as debt instruments (generally, Securities that do not provide for the return at maturity of a holder's 
investment) are unclear. As a result, the timing and character of income on such a Security are uncertain, 
and for a non-U.S. investor holding such a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer (as defined below under 
"Section F.8—Taxation of Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations"), there is a risk that 
payments on such a Security, in particular payments that are made (or fixed) prior to maturity, may be 
subject to U.S. withholding tax. If withholding tax applies to a payment on such a Security, the Issuer 
will generally not be required to pay additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld, except as

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
20 
 
described in Condition 9 (Taxation) of the General Conditions of the Securities. An investor may 
therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Securities as compared to the return the investor 
would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
In the case of Debt Designated Securities issued by a U.S. Issuer (both as defined below under "Section 
F.8—Taxation of Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations"), there is a risk of 
recharacterisation if the Securities (such as certain Credit Linked Notes that are Debt Designated 
Securities) do not provide for the return of a holder's investment under all circumstances, in which case 
payments may be subject to U.S. withholding tax. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have requested comments on 
various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar 
financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations 
or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax 
treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated 
after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect.  
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Securities could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Securities would generally be treated, 
in whole or part, as retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include (but are not limited to) 
a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself and the designation of a substitute or successor rate.  
In the event of a significant modification, a U.S. Holder (as defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of 
Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations" in this Base Prospectus) would generally be 
required to recognise gain or loss (subject to possible treatment as a recapitalisation or, in the case of 
loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with respect to the Securities. Moreover, the 
treatment of the Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. A changed 
treatment of the Securities could have possible withholding tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as 
defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of Securities—United States Federal Tax Considerations" in this 
Base Prospectus). The after tax return on the Securities after a significant modification may be less, and 
significantly so, than the return prior to such modification.  Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible U.S. Federal Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
Section 871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 871(m)) impose a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty 
rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. This 
withholding regime generally applies to Securities that substantially replicate the economic performance 
of one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one of two tests set forth in the 
regulations. However, based on an IRS notice, Securities issued prior to 2025 will generally be subject 
to withholding tax only if they have a "delta" of one with respect to the relevant underlying U.S. equity. 
The regulations provide certain other exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments 
linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the regulations as well as 
instruments linked to securities that track such indices. The Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to a particular Security. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule—Definitions") occurs, an Early Redemption Event may occur, in 
which case the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of 
such Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
21 
 
Reportable Transactions 
In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating certain "basket options", 
"basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions. The terms "basket 
option" and "basket contract" refer to certain contracts in which a taxpayer receives a return based on the 
performance of a notional basket of referenced assets, provided that the taxpayer or its "designee" has, 
and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the contract. If the Issuer, an 
index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms of a 
Security or an index underlying a Security and were treated as a holder's "designee" for these purposes, 
unless an exception applied certain holders of the relevant Securities would be required to report certain 
information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The 
Issuer might also be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds  
You should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus for information 
relating to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds and any relevant frameworks. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Group to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue Terms, any relevant investment may not provide the results or 
outcome originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or meet the goals of the relevant frameworks 
and/or it may not be possible for the Issuer or any of its affiliates to invest an amount equal to such net 
proceeds in accordance with any particular timing schedule relevant to you or the Securities. In addition, 
a relevant framework may be amended by the Group from time to time in a manner which may affect the 
value of relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds, as applicable. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable" or any equivalently-labelled project or asset or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or asset to be defined as "green", "social", 
"inclusive", "sustainable" or any such other equivalent label. A clear definition or consensus may not 
develop or if market consensus is developed, such consensus may be different from the relevant 
framework or may significantly change over time which may affect the value of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Social Finance Bonds. Consequently, investments in businesses or projects described in the 
relevant framework and any related opinions and/or reports may not meet your expectations, taxonomies 
or standards or other investment criteria or guidelines regarding such "green", "social", "inclusive", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any binding or non-binding legal 
or other standards regarding any direct or indirect environmental or social impact (including any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by-laws or other governing rules, policies or investment 
mandates applicable to you) and there can be no assurance that adverse social, environmental and/or 
other impacts will not occur from such businesses or projects. You should have regard to any descriptions 
of the relevant projects and eligibility criteria in any applicable framework and the applicable Issue Terms 
and determine for yourself the relevance of such information and such opinions and/or reports and 
whether all your applicable standards will be met. 
Any opinion, certification or report of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Group) that may 
be made available in connection with Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds (including 
with respect to whether any businesses or projects fulfil any green, social, inclusive, sustainability and/or 
other criteria) may be withdrawn, subject to amendment or may not be maintained. In addition, the 
provider of any such opinion, certification or report may not be subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory regime. Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds may also be listed or admitted 
to trading on a dedicated "green", "environmental", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), but 
you should be aware that the criteria for such listings or admission to trading may vary and may not meet 
your expectations and there is a risk that any such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained 
by the relevant Issuer or may be withdrawn. This may adversely affect the market value of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds with the effect that you may be unable to realise all or part 
of your investment.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
22 
 
Failure by the relevant Issuer or any other relevant entity to allocate (or cause allocation of) an amount 
equal to the net proceeds as described in the relevant framework or provide reports, or the failure of any 
external assurance provider to opine on any relevant framework or on any report's conformity with the 
Group's sustainability strategy or the relevant framework or the withdrawal of any report or any 
certification that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying, as the case may be, will not constitute an event of default under 
or trigger any early redemption rights (whether by the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder). In addition 
and for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds 
will not be segregated by the relevant Issuer or any other entity in the Group from its capital and other 
assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social 
Finance Bonds and any Eligible Green Assets, the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio, or Social 
Finance Assets, respectively. 
Any of the above factors (and any events that negatively affect the value of any other Securities of the 
Issuer that are intended to finance "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled 
projects or assets) could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Securities and investors may 
be unable to realise all or part of their investment. 
Risks relating to different governing laws in respect of certain Securities and guarantees 
French Law Securities have the benefit of an English law guarantee 
French Law Securities issued by CGMHI have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor 
pursuant to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and French Law Securities issued by CGMFL have the 
benefit of a guarantee of the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All 
Monies Guarantee. French Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law and the 
Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
French Law Securities. However, each of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and the All Monies Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In respect of 
the All Monies Guarantee, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including 
a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it. Accordingly, it is 
possible that Securityholders, wishing to enforce their rights in respect of French Law Securities, may 
need to bring claims under differing governing laws and/or in different jurisdictions against the Issuer 
and the relevant Guarantor and this, in turn, could prolong and/or increase the costs to be incurred in 
respect of any proceedings in relation to such claims and, potentially, affect the ultimate payout. 
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. Due to the 
impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services over time.  
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Securities will be reduced by inflation. Consequently, the 
higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. If the inflation rate is equal to 
or greater than the yield under a security, the real yield a holder of such security will achieve will be zero 
or even negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Securities, and you should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is 
anticipated to rise over the term of the Securities) before purchasing Securities.  
Relatedly, if the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities provide that some or all of the principal 
shall be repaid at maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide any protection from the 
effect of inflation over time and it may still be the case that the return on such Securities adjusted for 
inflation could be negative. 
With regard to risks of Securities linked to one or more Inflation Indices, see "Risks associated with 
Securities linked to Inflation Indices". 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES LINKED TO UNDERLYING(S) 
General risks relating to Securities linked to Underlying(s)

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
23 
 
An investment in Securities linked to Underlying(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified 
principal amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate 
based on nationally published interest rate references), as amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of 
such Securities are linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Security linked to Underlying(s) will depend on factors over which 
none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor has any control and which cannot 
readily be foreseen, and the return on Securities linked to Underlying(s) may attract certain of the same 
risks as an actual investment in the relevant Underlying(s). These risks include economic and political 
events and the supply of, and demand for, any relevant Underlying(s). 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of an Underlying, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Securities, and such fluctuations may affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
Furthermore, in recent years, prices for various Underlying(s) have been highly volatile. Such volatility 
may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the rates, levels or prices that have occurred in the past are 
not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Securities 
linked to Underlying(s). 
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by any Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor or an affiliate of any such entity or determined or 
published by third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United 
States, the EEA or the United Kingdom.  
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or termination payments to Underlying(s) 
can be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or termination amounts may be contingent 
on the occurrence of certain events in respect of Underlying(s) which may not occur.  
No rights of ownership in Underlying(s) 
The Securities do not create an actual interest in, or ownership of, the relevant Underlying(s). Except in 
certain circumstances where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, a Security will not represent 
a claim against any Underlying and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption of the Securities is 
less than the nominal amount of the Securities, you, as a Securityholder, will not have recourse under 
any relevant Security to any security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, commodities, shares, 
depositary receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, warrants, proprietary indices, 
dividend futures contracts, interest rates, preference shares or other items which may comprise the 
relevant Underlying(s) in respect of such Securities. The exposure to the relevant Underlying(s) is 
notional and an investment in the Securities is not an investment in the relevant Underlying(s). Although 
the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) will have an effect on the Securities, the relevant 
Underlying(s) and the Securities are separate obligations of different legal entities. You will have no 
legal or beneficial interest in the relevant Underlying(s). Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on 
the Securities than you would have received had you invested directly in the Underlying(s) or through 
another product. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Security Indices 
The level of a Security Index is generally based on the value of the component securities of that index 
(component securities) although the level of a Security Index may not include the reinvestment of the 
yield on the component securities. Global economic, financial and political developments, among other 
things, may have a material effect on the value of the component securities and/or the performance of a 
Security Index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security linked to a Security Index will depend on the terms of that Security.  
Such risks may include the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the prices of the component securities and the weighting of each component security within the 
relevant index or indices; 
• 
other objective prices; and

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
24 
 
• 
economic or other measures making up the relevant Security Index or indices. 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance of a 
Security Index and the component securities. The level of market volatility is largely determined by the 
prices for financial instruments supposed to protect you against such market volatility. The prices of 
these instruments are determined by forces of supply and demand in the options and derivative markets 
generally. These forces are, themselves, affected by factors such as actual market volatility, expected 
volatility, economic factors and speculation. In recent years, currency exchange rates and prices for 
component securities have been highly volatile. Such volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations in the rates or prices that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, 
of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Security relating to Security Indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Security Index, and this may in turn affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
You should note that any dividends, other distributions assets and/or amounts paid to holders of the 
component securities will not be paid to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or to the holders of Securities. The return on 
Securities will thus not reflect any such assets and/or amounts which would otherwise be paid to investors 
that have made a direct investment in any such component securities. Consequently, the return on 
Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such component securities. 
In considering whether to purchase Securities relating to Security Indices, you should be aware that the 
calculation of amounts payable or, as applicable, assets due on Securities relating to Security Indices 
may involve reference to: 
• 
an index determined by an affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor (if applicable); or 
• 
prices that are published solely by third parties or entities which are not regulated by the laws 
of the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom or the jurisdiction of the particular investor. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to a Security Index than you would 
have received if you had invested in the components of such index directly or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 1 (Security Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
The type and rules of the Security Index (or Security Indices) to which the Securities are linked may 
have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities 
Price Return and Total Return Indices 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Security Index may stipulate that 
dividends paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level (a "total return" index) 
or are not included in the calculation of the index level (a "price return" index). 
Where Securities are linked to a "price return" index, holders of the Securities will not participate in 
dividends paid on the components comprising the Security Index. As a result, holders of Securities linked 
to such Security Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Security 
Index and such Securities may not perform as well as a position where such holder had invested directly 
in such components or where they invested in a "total return" version of the Security Index, or in another 
product.  
In the case of Securities linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a "net total return" 
index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) paid on its components are included 
in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a "net total return" index, dividends paid on its 
components may not be fully reinvested in the Security Index and accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to such Security Index than you would have received if you had invested in 
the components of such Security Index directly or in another product.  
Decrement Indices

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
25 
 
If the Security Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Security Index will be calculated by 
reinvesting net dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such Security Index) 
paid by its components and by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount (a Synthetic Dividend). 
The Synthetic Dividend may be defined as a percentage of the index level or as a fixed number of index 
points. Investors should note that any of the following factors, where applicable, could adversely affect 
the value of and return on Securities linked to a "decrement" index: 
• 
A Security Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that is 
used as a base index to calculate such Security Index since the latter is calculated without the 
deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Security Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Security Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component 
security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
A Security Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price return" 
index if the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Security Index is less than the 
amount of the Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Security Index tracks the performance 
of a single component security, the Security Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component 
security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as opposed to a 
percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield (calculated as the ratio of the fixed 
index point decrement to the relevant decrement index level) will increase in a falling equities 
market as the Synthetic Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, the fixed deduction will 
have a greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant Security Index than if the 
Synthetic Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is even possible that in a 
steeply falling market scenario the index level could become negative, since the amount of 
decrement expressed in index points will not vary with the level of the decrement index. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Security Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Security Indices include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Security Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Security Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Security Index (i) not being calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant index sponsor or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, 
or (c) any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the 
Security Index that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Security Index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Security Index or, if the Securities are Exempt 
Securities, a Security Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited 
to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased 
costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26 
 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event 
shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Security Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case 
if applicable, in respect of a Security Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a 
material change to a relevant Security Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the index and no 
successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on its behalf failing to 
calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such 
Security Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall either 
(A) calculate the relevant level of such Security Index in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the relevant Security Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, cancellation or failure 
and/or (B) substitute the affected Security Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the level of such Security Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a Security Index 
selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to account for such substitution and/or 
(C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Security Index Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Security Index 
Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you may be less 
than your initial investment and you may therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
The risks of a particular Security relating to Inflation Indices will depend on the terms of that Security.  
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of 
Securities relating to Inflation Indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory 
conditions and/or events; and/or fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy 
resources (including in response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation 
in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation 
Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. Any such factor may either 
offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Securities relating to 
Inflation Indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return 
on their investment, or in certain circumstances zero. 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Index-linked interest Securities will vary for 
each interest payment due and may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed 
rate, non-callable debt security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
See Underlying Schedule 2 (Inflation Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been 
published or announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities.

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27 
 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) the imposition of increased or unexpected 
fees and costs for the use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index 
sponsor which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
revision to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-
off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of 
the Securities. If "No Revision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if "Revision" 
is not specified as applicable) then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level 
for such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive. Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the index sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected an underlying closing level for such index to correct 
a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty 
calendar days following the first publication and announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent 
may use the corrected level of such Inflation Index for the purposes of any calculation in respect of the 
relevant payment date. In the event of inconsistency between a revision and a manifest error correction, 
the manifest error correction shall prevail. Any such adjustment (or absence of an adjustment, for the 
purpose of the Securities) to any level of an Inflation Index may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels 
such Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index 
with a successor index. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
and, if no successor index can be determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect 
to the Securities. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a 
relevant Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as 
are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the 
Securities. Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption 
Event shall occur with respect to the Securities. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to a relevant Inflation Index, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities 
are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with 
the method specified in applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss.

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodity Indices  
The level of a Commodity Index is generally based on the value of the commodities and/or other 
securities comprised in that Commodity Index and, as such, if investing in Securities relating to 
Commodity Indices you should also read "Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities" 
below.  
Global economic, financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect 
on the value of the commodities and/or futures contracts comprising a Commodity Index and/or the 
performance of such index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security relating to a Commodity Index will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the prices of the 
commodities and/or futures underlying the relevant index or indices; another objective price; and 
economic or other measures making up the relevant index or indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Commodity Index, and this may in turn 
affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodity Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodity Indices include provisions dealing with 
the postponement of a Valuation Date or postponement of the valuation of a component of a Commodity 
Index due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative provisions for 
valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an adverse effect on the value 
of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Commodity Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Commodity Index (i) not being calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) 
being replaced by a successor index, (c) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the 
use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the 
Calculation Agent deems material, or (d) the imposition of, change in or removal of any tax relating to 
any component of such Commodity Index or commodity relating to such component (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may 
replace the Commodity Index that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Commodity Index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but 
not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Commodity Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each 
case if applicable, in respect of a Commodity Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will 
make a material change to a relevant Commodity Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the 
index and no successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity on its behalf 
failing to calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall 
either (A) calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the relevant Commodity Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, 
cancellation or failure and/or (B) substitute the affected Commodity Index with a replacement index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to 
account for such substitution and/or (C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably 
so be made, such Commodity Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, 
the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities 
Movements in the price of any relevant Commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of a Commodity or Commodities may affect the actual yield of the Securities, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices 
of the Commodities, the greater the effect on yield of the Securities. 
Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Commodity markets are influenced by, among other 
things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and 
trade programmes and policies designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic 
events, and changes in interest rates. Moreover, investments in futures and options contracts involve 
additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value 
of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited). A holder of a futures position may find such 
position becomes illiquid because certain commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures 
contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily 
limits". Under such daily limits, during a single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond 
the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has increased or decreased by an 
amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders 
are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
Commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no 
trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation of unfavourable positions and could therefore 
have a material adverse impact on value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 4 (Commodity Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Commodities. 
Risk related to the possible rolling mechanism of commodity futures contracts 
The yield on Securities relating to Commodities may not perfectly correlate to the trend in the price of 
the underlying Commodities as the use of such future commodity contracts generally involves a rolling

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30 
 
mechanism. This means that the commodity futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant payment 
date under the relevant Securities are replaced with future commodity contracts that have a later expiry 
date. You may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall in prices on such Commodities. 
You should also consider that the relevant commodity futures contract(s) could have a trend which differs 
significantly from that of the relevant commodity spot market(s). The trend in the price of a commodity 
futures contracts compared to the underlying Commodity is closely linked to the present and future level 
of the production of the underlying Commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly 
in the case of energy Commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may 
not be considered an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes the so-called "carrying 
costs" (such as, for example, warehouse costs, insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which 
also contribute toward the determination of the price of the commodity futures contracts. These factors 
which directly influence the Commodities prices substantially explain the imperfect correlation between 
the commodity spot markets and the commodity futures contracts. Accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to one or more commodity futures contracts than you would have received if 
you had invested in relevant commodity spot market(s) or in another related product. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodities 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodities include alternative provisions for 
valuation and/or provisions dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, such alternative provisions for valuation or postponement may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Commodities in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity 
(being, in each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging 
position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the 
Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms 
of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) the occurrence of a disruption event and any relevant disruption fallbacks fail (or are deemed 
to fail) to provide a relevant price in respect of a Commodity and a valuation date, (c) any Additional 
Early Redemption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (being an "abandonment of scheme" in 
relation to Commodities that are emissions) or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, any other event 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement, (d) a Section 871(m) Event or (e) a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the 
Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Shares  
Securities linked to Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and 
will not give rise to any obligations of any share company, and accordingly you will have no recourse 
against any such share company.  
No issuer of such Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer 
of Shares could affect the trading price of the Shares and therefore the trading price of the relevant 
Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, in relation 
to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Securityholders may be 
entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or other 
payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant Shares. The return on such Securities may 
thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct 
investment in the relevant Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to Shares may be less 
than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the Share or Shares. 
The value of Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Share on any date may not reflect 
its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Share or of 
the continued existence of any Share or share company. Accordingly, before making an investment 
decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and 
price volatility of the relevant Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Shares over a period of time and to Shares, the issuer(s) of which are 
incorporated outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Shares than you would 
have received if you had invested directly in the Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 5 (Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Share (being, in each 
case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer (and/or, in the case of a Stapled Share, any Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event or De-stapling Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and/or any Additional 
Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Share that is the subject 
of the Adjustment Event with a new Share selected by the Calculation Agent from an applicable reference 
index or otherwise selected by the Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such new Share is a Stapled 
Share) (and/or, in the case of a Stapled Share, the Calculation Agent may replace any Component Share 
of the Stapled Share with a new Component Share selected by the Calculation Agent (regardless of 
whether such new Component Share is contained in a relevant reference index)) or, in the case of Exempt 
Securities, selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on 
to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such 
Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Depositary Receipts 
Securities linked to Depositary Receipts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations of any depositary or any underlying share company, 
and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such depositary or underlying share company.  
No issuer of such Depositary Receipts or any underlying shares related to such Depositary Receipts will 
have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the 
Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any 
depositary or any related underlying share company contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the Depositary Receipt or the underlying share will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material 
future events concerning such depositary or underlying share company could affect the trading price of 
the Depositary Receipts and therefore the trading price of the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares to which such Securities 
relate notwithstanding that, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in relation to Exempt 
Securities only, Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the 
amount of dividends, distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant 
Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. The return on such Securities may thus not reflect any 
dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the 
relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or underlying shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Depositary Receipts will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33 
 
Depositary Receipts. The value of Depositary Receipts may go down as well as up and the value of any 
Depositary Receipt on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no 
assurance as to the future value of any Depositary Receipts or of the continued existence of any 
depositary and/or underlying share company. Accordingly, before making an investment decision with 
respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility 
of Depositary Receipts and relevant underlying shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Depositary Receipts and the related underlying shares over a period of time 
and to Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares, the issuer(s) of which are incorporated outside the 
United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Depositary Receipts 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Depositary Receipts or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the postponement of a 
Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Depositary Receipt 
and/or an underlying share (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change 
in law affecting any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring 
or disposing of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) 
or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the 
Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, 
insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer, written instructions being given by an underlying 
share company to the relevant depositary to withdraw or surrender underlying shares or the termination 
of a relevant deposit agreement and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the 
Calculation Agent may replace the Depositary Receipt and/or the underlying share that is the subject of 
the Adjustment Event with a new Depositary Receipt selected by the Calculation Agent (referencing, 
where "same underlying share and currency" is specified as the Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the same underlying share and denominated in the same currency as the 
previous Depositary Receipt (and, if no such Depositary Receipt is selected or available, then the 
underlying share shall be substituted and a new Depositary Receipt selected in respect of such new 
underlying share) or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in accordance with any other criteria specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or a new share selected by the Calculation Agent from an 
applicable reference index, or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, in accordance with the criteria (if 
any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event.

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34 
 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to ETF Shares  
Securities linked to ETF Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and will not give rise to any obligations of the issuer of any ETF Shares, and accordingly you will have 
no recourse against any such issuer. 
No issuer of ETF Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of ETF Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the ETF Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure 
of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
issuer of ETF Shares could affect the trading price of the ETF Share and therefore the trading price of 
the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant ETF Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, if so 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Securities only, Securityholders 
may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or 
other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant ETF Shares. The return on such 
Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you 
had made a direct investment in relevant ETF Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
ETF Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant ETF Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to ETF Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the ETF Shares. 
The value of ETF Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any ETF Share on any date may 
not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any 
ETF Share or of the continued existence of any ETF Share or the issuer of such ETF Share. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of ETF Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on 
the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more ETF Shares over a period of time and to ETF Shares, the issuer(s) of which 
are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more ETF Shares than you 
would have received if you had invested directly in the ETF Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
ETF Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to ETF Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35 
 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an ETF Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms. While ETF Shares are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a 
Share traded on an exchange, the Adjustment Events in relation to Securities linked to ETF Shares 
include certain adjustments which would be applicable to Securities linked to an underlying fund. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an ETF Share (being, 
in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging 
position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the 
Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer, fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, cross-contamination 
and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the 
ETF Share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new ETF Share selected by the Calculation 
Agent (which shall be an ETF Share which, where a "related index" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, tracks such related index, or an index substantially similar in formula and calculation method, or, 
in the case of Exempt Securities only, an index selected by the Calculation Agent with reference to such 
other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). Any such adjustment may include, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to Securities linked to Shares which have a Dividend Adjusted Performance feature 
Where the Securities are linked to Shares and the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dividend Adjusted 
Performance" as applicable, this means the Securities reference the performance of relevant Share(s) 
adjusted to deduct a pre-determined amount (a Target Dividend) on a pro-rata basis.  
The Target Dividend is expressed as a fixed amount independent of the price of the relevant Share. Due 
to the price or performance of the relevant Share being adjusted for the difference between the actual 
declared dividend(s) and the Target Dividend(s) and the different dividend methodologies adopted, 
depending on the amount of the dividends actually declared by the relevant Share issuer, Securities with 
a "Dividend Adjusted Performance" feature may perform differently in comparison to Securities linked 
to the same Share(s) with actual dividends applied as they are declared. In particular, if the Target 
Dividend yield of the relevant Share in a relevant period is higher than the actual declared dividend yield 
of the Share during the same period, the price or performance of the Share, as adjusted for the Target 
Dividend will, underperform the Share which is not so adjusted and such underperformance will increase 
as the price of the relevant Share decreases. In such case, you will receive a lower return on the Securities 
as a result of the "Dividend Adjusted Performance" than if such feature was not applicable. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36 
 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations of any mutual fund administrator, adviser or 
manager in respect of a mutual fund, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such mutual 
fund administrator, adviser or manager. 
No mutual fund administrator, adviser or manager in respect of a mutual fund will have participated in 
the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and none of 
the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in 
connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such mutual fund contained 
in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there 
can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or 
in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such mutual fund could affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest 
and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Mutual Fund Interests to which such Securities relate notwithstanding 
that, in relation to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, 
distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the Mutual Fund Interests. The 
return on such Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid 
to you if you had made a direct investment in relevant Mutual Fund Interests. Consequently, the return 
on Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests may be less than the return from a direct investment in the 
relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
The risks of a Security relating to Mutual Fund Interests will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the value(s) of the 
Mutual Fund Interests. The value of Mutual Fund Interests may go down as well as up and the value of 
any Mutual Fund Interest on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be 
no assurance as to the future value of any Mutual Fund Interest or of the continued existence of any 
Mutual Fund Interest or the issuer of such Mutual Fund Interest. Accordingly, before making an 
investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the 
value and price volatility of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as this may affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
In addition, mutual funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity 
securities, commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures and options. Mutual Fund Interests may be illiquid and may only be traded on 
an infrequent basis. The trading strategies of mutual funds are often opaque. Mutual funds, as well as the 
markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. Further, the value of Mutual Fund Interests 
may be affected by the performance of the relevant fund service providers and in particular the relevant 
fund adviser. 
For the foregoing reasons, investing directly or indirectly in mutual funds is generally considered to be 
risky. If the underlying mutual fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will 
fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Mutual Fund Interests over a period of time and to Mutual Fund Interests, 
the issuer(s) of which are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Mutual Fund Interests 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Mutual Fund Interests or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 8 (Mutual Fund Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests.

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37 
 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Mutual Fund Interests 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Mutual Fund Interests include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Mutual Fund Interest in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, adviser resignation event, fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, reporting 
disruption, cross-contamination, failure by a fund service provider and/or any Additional Disruption 
Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) 
to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of 
such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Mutual Fund Interest that is the subject 
of the Adjustment Event with a new Mutual Fund Interest selected by the Calculation Agent (in a fund 
which provides daily liquidity, the shares or units of which may be subscribed, sold to or redeemed by 
the fund (subject to giving no more than two fund business days' notice and no charges being imposed 
by the fund), and which in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has the same or substantially 
similar strategies, and the same currency as, the affected mutual fund). Any such adjustment may include, 
in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment may also include a 
monetisation whereby the Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Mutual Fund Interest 
affected by the relevant Adjustment Event on a date selected by the Calculation Agent and shall make 
such adjustments to the terms of the Securities so that the Securities reference such value (and interest 
thereon) rather than such Mutual Fund Interest. Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably be effected, 
(c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to currency exchange rates 
An investment in Securities linked to currency exchange rates may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in foreign exchange.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the currency exchange rates 
may affect the actual yield to you, even if the average level is consistent with your expectations. In 
addition, Securities linked to currency exchange rates may be linked to emerging market currencies and, 
as such, may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to future levels or as against other 
currencies. Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in 
the future and this could result in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day.

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38 
 
Fluctuations in exchange rates and implied volatility of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) 
will affect the value of the relevant Securities. Currency values may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency/currencies, 
regardless of other market forces, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on your Securities  (see "Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the 
value of the Securities and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction"). 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more currency exchange rates 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the relevant currency or currencies or in 
another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to currency exchange rates. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to currency exchange rates include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such 
postponement or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a relevant country has lawfully converted or 
exchanged its currency for a successor currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an 
Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the consequences of a 
Disrupted Day. These consequences shall be determined in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may include (i) where Valuation Postponement is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, (ii) where First Fallback Reference Price or Second Fallback Reference Price is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determination of the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39 
 
by reference to alternative prices for the applicable currency exchange rate, and (iii) where Calculation 
Agent Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent 
determining the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date. Such alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. The Valuation Postponement provisions, if applicable, may result in a 
Securityholder receiving payments in respect of the Securities after the originally scheduled date for 
payment. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) any relevant rate which as of the Trade Date 
is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or similar action) by the relevant 
Government Authority and any such rate cease to be so reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, 
announced or adopted (or similar action)), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to 
the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of 
such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs) and in the case of 
a successor rate, determination of the relevant rate by reference to the official successor rate. Any such 
adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities cannot 
be made by it in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Securities due to the occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the imposition 
of restrictions on the transferability, purchase and holding of the Specified Currency, (b) its non-
acceptance by a clearing system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after, the relevant payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States 
dollars will not constitute a default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
See further FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate 
Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) (Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 9 
(FX Rate Conditions).

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Warrants  
Securities linked to Warrants will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and will not give rise to any obligations of the issuer of any Warrant, and accordingly you will have no 
recourse against any such issuer. 
No issuer of such Warrants will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with the offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of Warrants or the assets, indices or other item(s) to which the 
Warrants relate contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was 
extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue 
date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents 
described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the trading price of the 
Warrants will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure 
of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of Warrants or such assets, 
indices or other item(s) could affect the trading price of the Warrants and therefore the trading price of 
the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have rights to receive distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant 
Warrants to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, if so specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and in relation to Exempt Securities only, Securityholders may be entitled to receive 
payments calculated by reference to the amount of distributions or other payments that would be received 
by a holder of the relevant Warrants. The return on such Securities may thus not reflect any distributions 
which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the relevant Warrants. Consequently, 
the return on Securities linked to Warrants may be less than the return from a direct investment in the 
relevant Warrants. 
The risks of a Security relating to Warrants will depend on the terms of that Security and payments in 
respect of a Security relating to Warrants will depend upon the value of the relevant Warrants which will 
be dependent on the reference item or items underlying such Warrant (i.e. one or more indices, shares, 
depositary receipts, mutual fund interests, currencies, commodities, gilts or other reference items 
specified in the terms of the relevant Warrants). Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the Warrants. The value of Warrants may go down as 
well as up and the value of any Warrant on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. 
There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Warrant or of the continued existence of any 
Warrant or the issuer of the Warrants or the creditworthiness of the Warrant issuer. Accordingly, before 
making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other 
matters, the value and price volatility of the relevant Warrants, as this may affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Warrants over a period of time and to Warrants, the issuer(s) of which are 
incorporated outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Warrants than you 
would have received if you had invested directly in the Warrants or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 10 (Warrant Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Warrants. 
Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Warrants 
If an Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and occurs (being 
(a) the cancellation or termination of a relevant Warrant for any reason other than by reason of its 
scheduled exercise, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount determined as set out in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41 
 
and the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial 
investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Citi Proprietary Indices  
The level of a Citi Proprietary Index is generally based on the value of its components (each an index 
component), which may be securities, commodities, derivative instruments, indices or other types of 
assets or any combination of such assets, as described in the relevant index conditions and/or 
methodology and, as such, investors in Securities relating to Citi Proprietary Indices should also read the 
other risk factors relating to Securities linked directly to such index components. Global economic, 
financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the value of the 
index components of a Citi Proprietary Index and/or the performance of a Citi Proprietary Index, and 
this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities.  
The risks of a Security relating to a Citi Proprietary Index will depend on the terms of that Security and 
the relevant index conditions and/or methodology. Such risks may include the possibility of significant 
changes in: 
• 
the levels, prices, rates or values (as relevant) of the index components of such Citi Proprietary 
Index and the weighting of each such index component within such Citi Proprietary Index; 
• 
other objective prices; and 
• 
economic or other measures observed for the purposes of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
The above risks may have an effect on the performance of a Citi Proprietary Index, and this may in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
As disclosed in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology, any distribution, dividend and/or 
amount (distribution) paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index 
components of a Citi Proprietary Index may not be reflected in the level of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
A distribution paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index components of a 
Citi Proprietary Index will not be paid to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or to the holders of Securities relating to such Citi 
Proprietary Index. The return on such Securities will thus not reflect any such distribution. Consequently, 
the return on such Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such index 
components. 
A Citi Proprietary Index reflects the performance of notional investment positions in its index 
components. There is no actual portfolio of assets in respect of such Citi Proprietary Index to which any 
person is entitled or in which any person has any ownership interest, and no Citi Proprietary Index creates 
any obligation of any person connected with any index component. A Citi Proprietary Index merely 
identifies certain hypothetical investment positions, the performance of which will be used as a reference 
point for the purpose of calculating its level. The performance of a Citi Proprietary Index may be different 
from the result of any actual investment in any one or more of its index components.  In particular, any 
notional fees or costs deducted in the calculation of the level of the relevant Citi Proprietary Index and 
any proportionate amount included in such level of any distribution in respect of any index component 
may be different from those arising in respect of any actual investment in any index component or 
combination of index components. 
The strategy that a Citi Proprietary Index aims to reflect may not be successful and other strategies using 
constituents which are the same as the index components of such Citi Proprietary Index may perform 
better than such Citi Proprietary Index.  
The index conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index describe the manner in which the 
relevant index calculation agent performs all calculations, determinations, rebalancings and adjustments 
in respect of such Citi Proprietary Index, and the limited circumstances in which the relevant index 
sponsor may amend the index conditions and/or methodology of such Citi Proprietary Index. In addition 
you should be aware that the calculation of amounts payable on Securities relating to a Citi Proprietary 
Index involves reference to an index that is administered and maintained and, in some cases, calculated 
and published by an affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, the

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42 
 
level of which may not be widely published. The index conditions and/or methodology of a Citi 
Proprietary Index describe the conflicts of interest which may arise for the relevant index calculation 
agent and its affiliates. 
You should read the relevant index conditions and/or methodology if investing in Securities relating to 
a Citi Proprietary Index. 
The Citi Proprietary Index may not perform as anticipated and you could therefore lose some or all of 
your investment in Securities linked to a Citi Proprietary Index. 
See Underlying Schedule 11 (Proprietary Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Citi Proprietary Indices. 
Disruption of an index component of a Citi Proprietary Index and determination of the level of such 
Citi Proprietary Index 
The conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index will set out the frequency of the 
publication of its level. In the event that the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of any of its index 
components is not available for any reason, the relevant index calculation agent may calculate the level 
of such Citi Proprietary Index for the relevant day by observing a valuation for the affected index 
component from a different day or may delay the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
Any such postponement or alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of 
such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
If "Component Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the level of the 
relevant Citi Proprietary Index has been published for a particular day, then if such day (a) is not a day 
on which valuations of an index component of such Citi Proprietary Index are scheduled to be observed, 
or (b) is a disrupted day for an index component of such Citi Proprietary Index (each, howsoever defined 
in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology of such Citi Proprietary Index), then any level of 
such Citi Proprietary Index calculated and published by the relevant index calculation agent for such day 
may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent may itself calculate the level of 
such Citi Proprietary Index for such day in accordance with the then-current methodology of such Citi 
Proprietary Index but may do so by reference to the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of the index 
components of such Citi Proprietary Index observed on subsequent days. This process may result in a 
level of such Citi Proprietary Index for such day being calculated by the Calculation Agent which is 
different to the published level of such Citi Proprietary Index and may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the relevant Securities. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Citi Proprietary Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Citi Proprietary Indices include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Citi Proprietary Indices in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Citi Proprietary 
Index (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the relevant Securities (such that holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or 
materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Citi Proprietary Index (i) 
not being calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant index sponsor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, or (c) the imposition of, change in or 
removal of any tax relating to any index component of such Citi Proprietary Index or other asset relating 
to such index component (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), then (A) the

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43 
 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the relevant Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event, or (B) the Calculation 
Agent may replace the Citi Proprietary Index which is the subject of the Adjustment Event with either 
(1)  a new index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary Index, 
or (2) in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by reference to such other 
criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case 
of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments or substitution may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If a Proprietary Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of a Citi 
Proprietary Index, (a) the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a material change to such 
Citi Proprietary Index, (b) the relevant index sponsor permanently cancelling such Citi Proprietary Index 
and no successor index existing, or (c) the relevant index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on 
its behalf failing to calculate and announce such Citi Proprietary Index), then the Calculation Agent may 
determine whether such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant 
Securities and, if so, shall either (i) calculate the relevant level of such Citi Proprietary Index in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Citi Proprietary Index last in effect prior 
to the applicable change, cancellation or failure, and/or (ii) substitute such Citi Proprietary Index with a 
replacement index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary 
Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by reference to such other 
criteria as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and determine any adjustment necessary to account 
for such substitution, and/or (iii) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event. Any such 
calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, 
such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), then the relevant Securities may be 
redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the relevant 
Securities are redeemed early, then the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to "big data" indices 
Securities may reference indices which use "big data" analytical techniques, or inputs which are based 
on "big data" analytical techniques (collectively Big Data Analysis).  Depending on the index, the Big 
Data Analysis may be performed by the index administrator or a separate organisation (the Analysis 
Provider). Indices using Big Data Analysis typically use a large number of underlying inputs and 
advanced analytical techniques, potentially including a form of artificial intelligence or machine learning 
(such as attempting to identify and react to patterns as opposed to specific events or circumstances that 
have been defined). Examples include indices with objectives related to the determination of market 
sentiment or ESG (environmental, social and governance) characteristics. Investors should be aware that 
the methodology for determining the Big Data Analysis may not be transparent and may not be fully 
disclosed in the index methodology document for the relevant index. The lack of full transparency may 
be due to a variety of reasons including, without limitation: challenges in describing a complex 
methodology in natural language; the use of a very large number of underlying data inputs from a wide 
range of sources (such that it is not practical either to list the individual inputs, or to do so without raising 
intellectual property and/or privacy issues); the Big Data Analysis could involve the exercise of 
discretion or judgement; and/or some or all of the methodology may be considered to be confidential or 
commercially sensitive. Investors should appreciate that the performance of such an index will be

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44 
 
dependent on the Big Data Analysis, the underlying inputs, any changes over time in the determination 
methodology and/or underlying inputs, and any ongoing judgement or discretion exercised by the 
Analysis Provider. The use of Big Data Analysis may cause the index to perform in a manner that has 
not been anticipated in the design of the index, and, any such unanticipated performance may have an 
adverse impact on the performance and value of the Securities linked to it.  Prior to investing in Securities 
linked to such an index, investors should carry out their own due diligence, without reliance on the Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor, on the relevant index and the associated Big Data Analysis and Analysis 
Provider. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts  
The value of a Dividend Futures Contract will generally track the dividends paid by the companies (each 
a Relevant Company) comprised in the equity index (the Relevant Index) relating to the relevant 
Dividend Futures Contract from time to time during one calendar year. Global economic, financial and 
political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the performance of such 
Relevant Companies and therefore on the value of the dividends paid by such Relevant Companies and 
the value of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, and this may in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities.  
Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations under the relevant Dividend Futures 
Contract or any obligations of any Relevant Company, and accordingly you will have no recourse against 
any sponsor of such Dividend Futures Contract or any such Relevant Company. No sponsor of the 
relevant Dividend Futures Contract will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms 
or in establishing the terms of the Securities. 
Not all types of dividends paid by a Relevant Company may be relevant for the purpose of determining 
the price of a Dividend Futures Contract (for example, in general, ordinary dividends declared by a 
Relevant Company (paid in cash or shares) are considered as realised dividends, which, if so provided in 
the contract specifications for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, are relevant for the purpose of 
determining the price of such Dividend Futures Contract, whereas special or extraordinary dividends are 
not generally considered as realised dividends and therefore, if so provided in the contract specifications 
for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, will not be relevant for the purpose of determining the price 
of such Dividend Futures Contract). Further, the Relevant Companies may change from time to time in 
accordance with the rules of the Relevant Index and such a change in Relevant Companies may have an 
adverse effect on the price of the Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities. You should refer to the contract specifications for the Dividend Futures Contract and the index 
rules relating to the Relevant Index for details regarding the calculation methodologies (including which 
dividends will be included in the calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract) and adjustments which 
may be made thereto (including to the Relevant Companies to be included in the Relevant Index). You 
should note that the performance of similar Dividend Futures Contracts in respect of prior contract 
periods will not necessarily be indicative of the performance of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
to which the Securities relate. 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Dividend 
Futures Contracts which may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index and expectations relating to the 
dividends to be announced in relation thereto; 
• 
market interest and yield rates; 
• 
the time remaining to the final settlement date of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract; and 
• 
economic, political and macro-economic factors. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts, you should carefully 
consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of Dividend Futures Contracts and the 
performance of the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index by reference to which amounts 
payable under the relevant Securities are calculated, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities.

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45 
 
In addition, the value of the dividends paid by the Relevant Companies may be influenced by many 
factors, including the earnings and dividend policy of each such Relevant Company, changes in 
applicable laws and regulations, global economic, financial and political developments and structural 
supply and demand factors. Relevant Companies may pay reduced dividends or no dividends in respect 
of the relevant contract period. The amount of dividends paid by Relevant Companies in respect of 
similar periods may bear no relation to dividends paid during the relevant contract period. Any such 
changes may have an adverse effect on the amount of relevant dividends paid by Relevant Companies 
and, in turn, the price of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities.  
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Dividend Futures 
Contracts than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Dividend Futures Contracts 
or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 12 (Dividend Futures Contract Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to 
Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts may include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day or the 
variation of a Valuation Date following the announcement by the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
sponsor that the expiry date of a Dividend Futures Contract will occur on an alternative date to that 
originally contemplated, such postponement, variation or any alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Dividend Futures Contracts in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Dividend Futures 
Contract (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting 
any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing 
of any hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a 
Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Dividend Futures Contract (i) not being 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract sponsor but instead 
being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
sponsor, or (ii) being replaced by a successor Dividend Futures Contract), then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, 
but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If a Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of 
a Dividend Futures Contract, (i) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the 
case may be, announcing that it will make a material change or modification to a relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract, (ii) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the case may 
be, permanently cancelling or discontinuing the Dividend Futures Contract or there otherwise being a 
permanent discontinuation in trading or trading never commencing in such Dividend Futures Contract 
and no successor Dividend Futures Contract existing, or (iii) any "final settlement price" not being 
displayed or published on the relevant electronic page or by the exchange at the relevant valuation time), 
then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall either (A) calculate the "final settlement price" of 
such Dividend Futures Contract by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable 
contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46 
 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate 
and/or (B) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, and/or (C) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract with a replacement Dividend Futures Contract and determine 
any adjustment necessary to account for such substitution. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Dividend 
Futures Contract Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation, substitution or adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Rates 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, 
macroeconomic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
In recent years, Rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates 
may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Security. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value 
and price volatility of the relevant Rates, as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Depending on the terms of the Securities, you may receive no amount(s) or assets because of the 
performance of the relevant Rates and you may lose a substantial portion of your investment. In addition, 
you should ensure that you review the terms of the Securities in question as these may provide for 
amounts due or assets deliverable to be determined by reference to an option or formulae linked to the 
relevant Rate rather than being a conventional debt security referencing a Rate, such as one which bears 
interest at a specified floating rate of interest. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities 
linked to one or more Rates than you would have received if you had invested in another product 
referencing a Rate. 
See Underlying Schedule 13 (Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Rates.  
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the 
consequences of a disrupted day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the 
relevant Rate by the Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in 
each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47 
 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of 
the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment 
Event. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to 
pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Preference Shares 
Preference Share Linked Securities will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. The Preference Share Company will have no obligations to investors in the Preference Share 
Linked Securities, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such Preference Share 
Company. In particular, you will not benefit from any voting rights or distributions from or in respect of 
the Preference Shares or any income attributable to any securities or constituent comprised in any 
relevant Preference Share Underlying (as defined below). All rights arising in respect of the Preference 
Shares shall reside exclusively with the holder of the relevant Preference Shares (expected to be Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited or another affiliate of the Issuer). The return on such Securities may thus not 
reflect any distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the relevant 
Preference Shares or Preference Share Underlying(s). Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Preference Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Preference Shares 
or Preference Share Underlying(s). 
Preference Share Linked Securities give investment exposure to the value of the Class of Preference 
Shares to which the relevant Securities are linked. The value of the relevant Preference Shares will 
depend on the Preference Shares Terms and Conditions of the relevant Class (in particular the applicable 
defined return and the performance of the applicable Preference Share Underlying(s)) and the financial 
condition and standing of the Preference Share Company. If the value of the Preference Shares decreases 
the value of the Preference Share Linked Securities and the redemption amount payable at their maturity 
are expected to decrease correspondingly. If you invest in the Preference Shares Linked Securities you 
risk losing all or part of your investment if the value of the relevant Class of Preference Shares declines 
over the investment term of such Securities. 
If the Preference Share Company were to experience financial difficulties the Preference Share Company 
may be unable to fulfil its obligations under the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class. 
In this scenario the value of the Preference Shares would be adversely affected and could be zero. As the 
Preference Share Linked Securities track the change in value of the Preference Shares any such reduction 
in the value of the Preference Shares is expected to have a corresponding effect on the value of the 
Preference Shares Linked Securities and the redemption amount payable at their maturity.  
You should note that while the redemption amount of the Preference Share Linked Securities is linked 
to the value of the Preference Shares of the relevant Class which will be influenced (positively or 
negatively) by the value of the Preference Share Underlying(s), any change may not be comparable to a 
direct investment in the Preference Share Underlying(s) and may be disproportionate.  
The risks of a Security linked to Preference Shares will depend on the terms of that Security and the 
relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions. Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price of the relevant Preference Shares. The value of Preference 
Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Preference Share on any date may not reflect its 
performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Preference Share

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48 
 
or of the continued existence of any Preference Share or the Preference Share Company. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of the Preference Shares, as this may affect the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Preference Share Linked Securities are not principal protected. If you invest in such Securities you risk 
losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Preference Shares and/or the relevant Preference 
Share Underlying(s) does not move in the anticipated direction.  
Except for the publication of the value of the Preference Shares and as otherwise expressly set out in the 
conditions of the Securities, the Issuer will not have any obligation to keep the Securityholders informed 
as to matters arising in relation to the Preference Shares. 
The issue price of the Preference Share Linked Securities may be more than the market value of such 
Securities as at the issue date, and more than the price at which the Securities can be sold in secondary 
market transactions. 
The levels and basis of taxation on the Preference Share Linked Securities and any reliefs for such 
taxation will depend on your individual circumstances and could change at any time. The tax and 
regulatory characterisation of the Preference Share Linked Securities may change over the life of the 
Securities. This could have adverse consequences for you. You will therefore need to consult your tax 
advisers to determine the specific tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, transfer and redemption 
of the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
Accordingly, you may lose some or all of your investment in Preference Share Linked Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 14 (Preference Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
Postponement of valuation and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Preference 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares include provisions dealing with the postponement 
of a valuation date, if any date used for the valuation or any determination of any Preference Share 
Underlying is delayed or the value/level of the relevant Preference Share Underlying(s) is determined 
using a fall-back in each case in accordance with the relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions by 
reason of a non-scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event, such 
postponement or fall-back determined may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
the Preference Shares and in turn the Securities linked to the relevant Preference Shares. 
The provisions relating to Adjustment Events will not apply to Preference Share Linked Securities 
however equivalent provisions are expected to be included in the Preference Share Terms and Conditions. 
The occurrence of any such equivalent adjustment event may result in an adjustment to the terms of the 
relevant Preference Shares or their early redemption. Any such adjustment will be reflected in the value 
of the Securities linked to the relevant Preference Shares and may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities. If the Preference Shares are to be redeemed early, the Securities linked to such Preference 
Shares will also be redeemed early. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being (a) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer, or the receipt by the Issuer of notice that the relevant Preference Shares are 
to be redeemed early, (b) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, (c) a Section 871(m) Event, (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), or (e) a Realisation Disruption Event), 
the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount 
determined on the same basis as the final redemption amount of the Securities except that the "final 
reference level" for such purposes shall be deemed to be the fair market value of the Preference Share on 
the date of early redemption as determined by the Calculation Agent using its internal models and

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49 
 
methodologies and taking into account such factor(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore 
sustain a loss. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES LINKED TO RATES AND BENCHMARK 
REFORM  
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Securities are linked 
will result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) (the Hierarchy 
Provisions) will be applied in the order set out therein, in each case where applicable for the relevant 
interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does not apply to the 
relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option which does should be 
applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, the relevant rate could 
be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) (such agent, the Relevant Agent) in its discretion. There 
is a risk that the determination of the relevant interest rate in accordance with any of these fallback 
provisions may result in lower amounts payable to you under the Securities and a reduction in their 
market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever 
defined) which the Relevant Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions shall be made 
to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) and may include, where applicable 
and without limitation: 
• 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Relevant Agent decides are appropriate; 
• 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
• 
(subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant 
jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, 
unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions 
in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply. 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's discretion or 
by alternative methods 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the Screen Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(a) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant rate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market), which determination may be made by reference to quotations 
provided by third party banks. 
If the ISDA Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b)  apply, subject as 
provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by 
reference to the relevant ISDA Definitions (including the temporary cessation provisions set out in such 
ISDA Definitions, which may include reference bank quotations), then the rate of interest will be that

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(iii) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the 
amount of interest payable on such Securities will be determined using (a) the Bank of England's Bank 
Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the Bank Rate) for such day plus the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate 
published for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published. In 
respect of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will 
be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily 
SONIA is based. If the said rate and spread calculation provisions or alternative provisions for 
determining the SONIA rate in respect of a particular day become applicable, this could result in adverse 
consequences to the amount of interest payable on the Securities, which could adversely affect the return 
on, value of and market for the Securities. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(c)(iii) or the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) 
apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and 
any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
As a result of any of the above, the return on your Securities may be lower than expected and/or the value 
of your Securities may be adversely affected and the Calculation Agent will have no responsibility to the 
Issuers or any third party as a result of having acted on any such quotations. 
Failure by the Relevant Agent and/or the Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, 
the Relevant Agent is required to notify the Issuer of certain determinations made in accordance with 
such provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the Securityholders thereof or of certain elections to 
redeem the Securities. However, failure by the Relevant Agent to so notify the Issuer or failure by the 
Issuer to so notify the Securityholders will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Securities linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that 
benchmarks which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. 
As a consequence, interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be "benchmarks", have 
been the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from 
interbank offered rates. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Benchmarks Regulations) are a key 
element of the ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 2018 
and been subject to subsequent amendments.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as certain IBORs, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks 
Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51 
 
of, certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Securities 
traded on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF), and (ii) in the case of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, Securities traded on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), 
and in a number of other circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, but has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the UK. The onus of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark 
administrators and UK supervised entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the ESMA Register). Benchmark administrators which 
were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from 
the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate 
public register of benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation (the UK Register). The UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators which were 
authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU 
competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is 
not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or 
registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the 
benchmark is not endorsed, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a 
non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending 
an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator 
does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK 
entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, 
then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of 
the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular Securities) could lead 
to adjustments to the terms of the Securities as the Relevant Agent deems necessary or 
appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52 
 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Relevant Agent may be entitled to make corresponding 
adjustments to the conditions of the Securities. 
Methodologies for calculating risk-free rates 
Risk-free rates are generally backwards-looking and are calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis. 
Interest on Securities which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end 
of the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate in advance 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Securities. Further, if such Securities become due 
and payable following an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, where a separate amount in respect of accrued interest is payable, the final Interest 
Rate and/or Interest Amount payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate, SOFR and €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Base Prospectus. Term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term) have been published 
from January 2021 and term SOFR rates have also become available for use. It is possible that market 
participants may seek to apply such term rates for capital markets issuances, although UK authorities 
have made clear their preference for the market to adopt a broad-based transition to SONIA compounded 
in arrears for new transactions, with use of a term SONIA reference rate being more limited. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free 
rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or other risk-free rate referenced Securities issued by it under this Base Prospectus. 
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time. 
The new risk free rates have only a limited trading market, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Securities indexed to the new risk free rates may 
evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Securities may not be 
able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Securities referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Securities linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference 
Rate selected by the Relevant Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53 
 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to the Hierarchy Provisions, there is a risk that a 
Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate (for an overview of how the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback 
Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks"). 
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer's control. Whether a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Relevant Agent, and any subsequent use of a 
replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the Conditions (which could be extensive) 
and/or interest or other payments under the Securities that are lower than or that do not otherwise 
correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such Securities if the relevant 
Reference Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each Securityholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will 
not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Relevant Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Rate, it will: 
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or 
(ii) the Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an Adjustment 
Spread);  
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Securities.  
You should be aware that: 
(I) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any 
changes made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than 
would otherwise have been the case; 
(II) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and, if so, it is possible that the Relevant 
Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate; 
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Securities; and 
(IV) 
if the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Securities to account for the effect of any Reference Rate Event or to identify a 
Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination 
that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Securities are 
required, the Securities may, at the Issuer's option, be the subject of an early redemption, in 
which case you may lose some or all of your investment. There is no guarantee that a 
Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated 
by the Relevant Agent. 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and holders.

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54 
 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that time, no 
amendments have occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent 
to use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the 
terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event 
had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate or for the Issuer and/or the Relevant 
Agent to use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Relevant Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including 
any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last 
day on which the Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the Last Permitted Rate) or (b) if it determines there is no such 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last 
Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor 
rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market). 
To the extent that any Securities reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate 
Event is likely to occur during the term of such Securities, prospective investors should be aware that the 
consequence of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a 
Reference Rate Event occurs. 
The interests of the Relevant Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to 
your interests as a holder of Securities. The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions 
made by the Relevant Agent in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with 
respect to the Securities, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar 
to the relevant Reference Rate or that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic 
equivalent of such Reference Rate. In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest 
payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have 
been made on the relevant Securities if the previous rate had continued being published in its current 
form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant 
Benchmark may mean adjustments are made to the Securities which may include selecting one or more 
successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the Securities, including if applicable to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s). Alternatively, early redemption of the Securities may apply if specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply, see 
"Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference 
Rates and Benchmarks" below. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return 
on or market for the Securities, and if the Securities are early redeemed, the amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If (x) the provisions of Underlying Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing 
Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and 
(y) the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions apply

--- Page 87 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55 
 
pursuant to the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if (i) the relevant Electronic Page is not available, or (ii) 
the percentage rate of the relevant Rate for the relevant Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the 
Electronic Page, and/or (iii) the relevant Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator 
or a relevant authorised distributor and/or (iv) a component of the relevant Rate is not provided or 
published, the Calculation Agent shall determine the underlying closing level for such Rate as it deems 
appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard to such sources 
as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market)) and may 
make such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect any industry-
accepted practices for the successor Rate, including applying an adjustment factor. Any such 
amendments may result in payments under the Securities being different from those originally 
anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
Swap rates may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may cause one or more swap rate(s) to 
be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any such consequence could also have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities the payout of which is dependent on the 
performance of such swap rate. 
If a swap rate ceases, different fallback provisions would apply based on the way in which the relevant 
swap rate is determined under the Conditions and the fallback provisions described in the relevant 
Hierarchy Provisions. Such fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein and where 
ISDA Determination applies, this will mean that any permanent cessation fallback provisions included 
as part of the applicable ISDA Definitions will not apply.  
New swap rates linked to risk free rates have recently been developed, such as IBA's GBP SONIA ICE 
Swap Rate settings and USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate settings. However, there can be no guarantee that 
such rates will be liquid, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the 
future. The Relevant Agent may make consequential changes to the Conditions if the methodology of a 
relevant rate is amended. 
In the event that the administrator of a rate referenced by Floating Rate Securities or Rate Linked 
Securities amends the methodology of such Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time 
of publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any related 
or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in the applicable fallback 
provisions (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes 
to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant 
Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary). Investors should be aware that such changes to the Conditions may 
adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, such Securities. 
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (in either case, other 
than where Index Determination applies) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, a compounding method will also be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. These compounding methodologies have emerged as conventions for daily 
compounding of rates in arrears. The conventions differ in the period that each method uses when 
weighting each business day's overnight rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach (or 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift") weights the relevant risk free rate according to the 
relevant number of days that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest Period 
(e.g. the observation period might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and end 
of the Interest Period). The "Lag" approach (or "OIS Compounding" or "Compounding with Lookback") 
weights the relevant risk free rate according to the number of days that apply in the relevant Interest 
Period. Investors should be aware that divergence between the above methodologies could lead to a 
difference in the interest being determined even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the 
Securities and may not be what investors expected.

--- Page 88 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56 
 
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR 
may differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by 
reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or 
SOFR, as applicable, as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where Index 
Determination in respect of SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
applies, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of SONIA or SOFR, as 
applicable. There can be no assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant to (i) and (ii) will be 
similar, and over time the market may adopt an application of these methodologies that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions. Further, investors should refer to "Developing markets 
for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns" above for a description 
of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates across the market generally. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF SECURITIES AND CERTAIN PRODUCT 
FEATURES  
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount involves 
the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate or amount paid on such 
Securities, this will adversely affect the value of the Securities.  
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Securities 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Securities, since the relevant Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the 
relevant Issuer. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other floating rate Securities issued by the relevant Issuer. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than the prevailing market rates. 
Risks relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is 
determined by reference to the number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more 
accrual condition(s) are satisfied. An accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the 
relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; and  
(b) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.  
A reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a single reference rate, (ii) 
a basket of two or more reference rates, (iii) the difference between two reference rates, (iv) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates or (v) a currency exchange rate.

--- Page 89 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57 
 
The interest rate of Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be a rate equal or calculated by reference 
to a specified fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate or a CMS swap rate (or if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, either the lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates).  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Accordingly, Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be 
volatile instruments, and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" apply, where 
the accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 
100 per cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even 
if the relevant accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Risks relating to Spread Securities 
Spread Securities have an interest rate determined by reference to any of:  
(a) 
one (1) minus the result of a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or  
(b) 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or 
(c) 
the lesser of: (i) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, and (ii) the sum of: 
(A) a specified percentage rate per annum, and (B) the product of (I) a multiplier, and (II) the 
difference between two specified spread rates, 
and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by 
an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms).  
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate. 
Accordingly, Spread Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments, 
and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Securities which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of these features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include these features. Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be 
redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will become payable on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, provided that, where a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall also 
pay the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. No further amount shall be payable 
in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to 
a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such Securities with an 
investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, and (if 
applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon irrespective of the price of the relevant

--- Page 90 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58 
 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will 
not benefit from any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period 
between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Amount 
(together with (if applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon) is a specified fixed amount and 
such amount is greater than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part 
of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Securities subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that the amount payable or deliverable is subject to a cap, your 
ability to participate in any change in the value of the Underlying(s) over the term of the Securities will 
be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) rises above 
the cap level over the term of the Securities. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Securities may be 
significantly less than if you had purchased the Underlying(s) directly or through another product not 
subject to a cap.  
Risks relating to Securities that are Physical Delivery Securities 
Settlement disruption event and failure to deliver 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on any date 
specified for the delivery of the relevant Entitlement, settlement will be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
in these circumstances may select to deliver the relevant Entitlement in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it may select or it may pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement. 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets where such failure to deliver 
is due to illiquidity in the market for such Relevant Assets, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has the right to pay 
the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering some or all of such Relevant Assets 
which are affected by such illiquidity. 
If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Physical 
Delivery Securities which are held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities and such aggregate Entitlements 
will be rounded down to the nearest Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s), in such manner as the 
relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s) in such manner as

--- Page 91 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59 
 
the relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. Amounts of the Relevant Asset less than the Tradeable 
Amount shall not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in respect of such rounding 
unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the Issuer 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall pay you a cash amount equal to the value of any such lesser amount. 
Consequently, Securityholders may not receive the Entitlements that they expect to receive, may receive 
less than they would otherwise expect or may receive a cash amount instead. 
Issuer's option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
If the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which 
are not freely tradeable and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, or (ii) not to deliver or procure the 
delivery of the relevant Entitlement or the relevant Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may 
be, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu of such delivery to make payment to the relevant 
Securityholders on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) of the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount. In these circumstances, Securityholders may receive assets which are different to, 
or cash instead of, the assets that they expected to receive. 
Expenses 
All Expenses arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Securities shall 
be for the account of the relevant Securityholder. 
Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Securities shall be deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from any 
cash amount owing to you and paid by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on your behalf or paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on your behalf by converting such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be delivered as necessary to 
pay the Expenses, as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. If any 
Expenses are not so paid, you shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) into cash sufficient to cover 
the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the relevant Intermediary shall deduct such 
Expenses. 
Variation of Settlement 
In respect of Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of such Securities and, in lieu of delivering or procuring delivery of the relevant Entitlement, to 
pay an amount determined to be equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Maturity Date 
or Settlement Date (as applicable). 
In such circumstances, you will not receive any Relevant Assets as the Securities will only be cash settled 
and the redemption amount you receive may be significantly less than your initial investment in the 
Securities. Furthermore, you would not benefit from any increase in the price of the Relevant Assets that

--- Page 92 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60 
 
would have otherwise been deliverable if the Securities had been settled by physical delivery after the 
date of determination of such fair market value. 
Risks relating to Securities that are Dual Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be 
determined by converting all amounts due under the Securities from the Denomination Currency into the 
Relevant Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the last 
occurring valuation date. In such circumstances, amounts that you receive in respect of the Securities are 
also linked to the performance of the Underlying which is the exchange rate used for such conversions. 
You should therefore also have regard to the risk factors relating to Securities linked to a currency 
exchange rate as set out above (in particular the risk factor entitled "Risks associated with Securities 
linked to currency exchange rates").  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND/OR INDEX SKEW NOTES  
Credit risk of the Reference Entity 
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms or 
unless such Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Interest Notes, to the full extent of their investment 
in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the "attachment point". In respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an investor's exposure to credit risk of any relevant Reference Entity may 
be to the full extent of any interest payable under such Securities. Upon the occurrence of any specified 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with respect to any Reference Entity, investors may suffer 
significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such 
Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit Linked Note may not reflect the impact of investing 
in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be 
considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity 
and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity.  
In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations of Reference Entities may not be standard, and 
holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that are not reflected in the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference Entity is a sovereign. There are no 
common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a sovereign government, faced with 
deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may attempt to reach resolution 
with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of governments and 
international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation that may affect 
holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those of the 
jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently unpredictable. 
As a result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all the 
circumstances in which holders of a sovereign Reference Entity's obligations may suffer credit-related 
losses. 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may still occur although (a) the 
Reference Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (b) there is any actual or 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation or (c) the 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, results from (i) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice or change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body or (ii) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority. Investors should 
note that such legal risks are borne by the investors and the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, that arises directly or indirectly as a result of these matters will not prevent the occurrence 
of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, from 
occurring under the Credit Linked Notes and which may result in interest amounts (in full or in part) 
ceasing to be payable or in the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, in full or in part.

--- Page 93 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61 
 
Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the 
laws in the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting 
requirements. Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in 
which the legal regime of a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various 
jurisdictions. The differences highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate 
assessment of the creditworthiness of certain Reference Entities, and these differences may have a 
significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt obligation in the event of bankruptcy or 
reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding has 
commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to trade or accelerate the 
debt of the relevant issuer.   
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference 
Entity generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (a) the name of the 
Reference Entity given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly 
named entities within a corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors 
identified with respect to a particular Reference Entity; (b) the obligor on any referenced obligation and 
its capacity, to the extent relevant for any Credit Linked Note; (c) the characteristics of any obligation 
referenced such as whether it is senior or subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured 
or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment obligation not related to borrowed money which may either 
meet or fail to meet certain requirements specified in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or redemption following a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable; and (d) where there are multiple Reference Entities, whether each Reference 
Entity is weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater weightings than others given 
a Reference Entity's weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note determines the portion of 
the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference Entity. Each of the 
above factors are important in making a decision whether to invest in Credit Linked Notes, as they may 
affect the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity(ies) in question and/or the value of and return on such 
Notes. 
Actions of Reference Entities  
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of 
indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes. The views of market 
participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how certain terms should be interpreted in the context 
of such actions, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of investors.   
A Reference Entity (which could equally be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) will not have any obligation to consider any investor's interest (as a holder of the Credit Linked 
Note) as to any corporate or sovereign actions that might be undertaken and as such, such actions could 
affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes and impact on the terms and conditions of such Credit Linked 
Notes. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to produce a particular result 
for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain actions. In some cases, a 
Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a different entity in a manner that 
does not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference Entity.  In such cases, with respect 
to that Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable obligations (a circumstance commonly 
referred to as an "orphaning"), which may result in there being no appropriate Deliverable Obligations 
for an Auction to be determined with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to 
be effected.   
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar 
entities and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference Entities. 
Historical default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events or Risk Events, 
as applicable, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62 
 
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference 
Entities may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in 
a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar 
financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, investors should 
note that the risk set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes when multiple successors 
are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and/or interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all losses incurred (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the payment of Contingent Interest only (and not any 
Non-Contingent Interest or principal) is contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the 
Reference Entity. Accordingly, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to the Reference Entity, this will not 
result in full or partial redemption of such Securities; however, such Securities will cease to accrue 
Contingent Interest (in full or in part) as detailed below. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) will cease from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" is 
applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will cease to 
accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant

--- Page 95 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63 
 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted 
in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published 
or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting 
to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable, had occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise 
occurred and where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming 
that fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods.  
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will otherwise continue 
to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to occur of any full redemption 
at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Non-Contingent Interest will also continue to be payable in full on the Securities. Where "Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the

--- Page 96 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64 
 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes.  Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Volatile prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
(a) the actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any 
guarantors or other supporters of its relevant obligations; (b) expected rates of recovery on obligations 
of the Reference Entity; (c) actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors; (d) the nature of 
each Reference Entity's outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and 
any guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has provided to other entities; (e) the 
contractually specified credit-related events with respect to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement 
of the Credit Linked Notes; (f) optionality that a party may have, such as the ability to select the 
obligations of a Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger 
settlement; (g) correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a 
basket or index, if applicable; (h) market liquidity; (i) the time remaining to the maturity; or (j) economic, 
financial, political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a Reference Entity or its 
outstanding obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial markets, including 
credit spreads in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit Linked Notes.  
Market liquidity  
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit 
Linked Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit 
Linked Note may be more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or Index Tranched Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the 
relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of 
instruments based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of 
instruments linked to standardised indices and terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference 
Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity's inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with 
exclusion from an index generally expected to result in diminished market liquidity.   
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially 
less market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term 
of a Credit Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that 
the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and 
resolutions which may have a negative effect on the value of and return on Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority 
of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. In making any 
determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the Calculation Agent may 
have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, the determination 
of the occurrence of an "Event Determination Date"), the Credit Linked Notes will be subject to the 
announcements, determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could affect the quantum and timing of payments 
of interest and principal on the Credit Linked Notes, and may have a negative effect on the value of and 
return on the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65 
 
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees or questions referred thereto 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules (DC Rules) (which may be amended by a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) provide that eligible market participants may raise 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which have the power to make binding 
decisions on critical issues such as, without limitation, whether a Credit Event has occurred, whether 
there is a Successor to a Reference Entity, which obligations of a Reference Entity are deliverable, 
whether or not an auction will be held and on matters of contractual interpretation relevant to the credit 
derivatives market generally. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates has no duty to any investor to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees.  
In addition, Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. A separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer 
institutions to serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (DC Member), and investors 
will have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will change from time to time as the term of a member institution may expire 
or a member institution may be required to be replaced. Investors will have no control over the process 
for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees given the 
process is governed by the DC Rules. To the extent provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, the 
determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be final and binding with 
respect to specific matters set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, where relevant.  
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer,  
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be obliged to inform investors of such updates 
as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor the matters under consideration by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations as such determinations may 
affect an investor's rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary's website, this will not impact 
any redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or Issuer.  
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. 
DC Members do not owe any duty to investors, and investors will be prevented from pursuing legal 
claims with respect to actions taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules. 
This equally applies to the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent and/or one or more of their affiliates if any 
of them is a DC Member. DC Members have no duty to investigate, supplement or verify the accuracy 
of information on which a determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not obligated to follow previous determinations or to apply principles of interpretation 
such as those that might guide a court in interpreting contractual provisions. Therefore, investors should 
be aware that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee could reach a conflicting determination 
for a similar set of facts, which may affect the Credit Linked Notes in a way that was not originally 
expected by investors. 
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event 
may be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to 
what constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs,

--- Page 98 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66 
 
amongst other events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the 
applicable time periods, then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain 
Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may 
evidence such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
information to another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference 
Entity, any underlying obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such 
party may be bound by or subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required 
information for verification may not be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality 
undertakings. Accordingly, there may be circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
may not be capable of trigger under the Credit Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, 
including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference 
Entity or the value of the underliers will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could 
adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor's intended purpose, 
and the timing or amount of payments or deliveries. 
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, the amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the 
basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (available at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website)). In respect of specified obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an 
auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction 
process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the 
auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The 
administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the 
risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods. 
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes.

--- Page 99 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67 
 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability 
criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible 
to accomplish under some circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified 
or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by 
the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or 
delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or 
permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which 
may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are met, being  (i) the Outstanding  Principal  Balance  of  an  obligation  is  not  reduced  or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal

--- Page 100 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68 
 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and  the  principal  redemption  amount  or  principal  repayment  amount,  as  applicable.   
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Securityholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria.  
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, 
any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which 
would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value 
that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the 
selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a particular 
determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred

--- Page 101 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69 
 
loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure 
to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by 
a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following 
a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations.  
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being 
materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Investors should note that Fixed Recovery Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly. 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be 
delivered or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. 
Obligations of differing maturities, currencies or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable 
insolvency law), among other characteristics, may diverge considerably in market value. Similar 
considerations apply where Auction Redemption applies given that the representative transaction that is 
priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations from a final list established by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders provide two way prices. 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred 
and the related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as 
at the relevant Scheduled Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined 
to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved 
whether or not to convene to resolve any issue, or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as 
applicable, may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which 
may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as

--- Page 102 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70 
 
applicable, occurring, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or interest on 
the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to 
an investor. In such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with respect to redemption 
in relation to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor 
in connection with such tolling or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. Once 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide 
account details of its designee) or for a Securityholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the 
control of such Securityholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will 
be postponed until such time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to 
exist on the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's 
obligations to the investor will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or 
deemed discharge of payment pursuant will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (as defined in 
General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant Investors to any additional 
interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
Investors should note that an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
which would give rise to a redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the 
prescribed notice delivery period or post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, in some cases 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement Date as a result 
of requests submitted after the Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be 
convened to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be 
extended where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut Off 
Date with respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency 
Settlement Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In each of these 
circumstances, the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and investors 
should note that the final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such tolling 
or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount.   
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different 
from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred. 
Certain DC resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date that has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations 
or the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of 
reversing the economic impact for the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment 
payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the adjustment payment is payable and no accruals 
of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment and when 
making such adjustments, no further consent of the Securityholder shall be required. Securityholders 
should note that in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the Calculation Agent will not be 
required to take into account the reversal of a prior DC resolution or an Event Determination Date, where 
such reversal occurs more than a year after (x) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Event Determination Date or (y) the Event Determination Date, as applicable, and in such case, the 
Calculation Agent will not be required to make any adjustment payments to Securityholders.

--- Page 103 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71 
 
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the 
consent of the Securityholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which 
the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable  
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) 
the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any 
such amendment may affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent and one or more of its affiliates is a leading dealer in the credit derivatives market. 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and an auction is held in respect 
of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high probability that the 
Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any such auction. In such 
capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined pursuant to the 
auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests (on our 
own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect to the representative auction settled transaction and 
(ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to 
convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for purposes 
of the auction.  In deciding whether to take any such action, or whether to act as a participating bidder in 
any auction, the Calculation Agent or one or more of its affiliates (as applicable) shall be under no 
obligation to consider the interests of any investors and the effects of their participation may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of a Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may also be a 
voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees responsible for 
determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, for the purposes of certain 
credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence the process and outcome 
of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities may also have an 
inherent conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions taken by such entities 
may also be adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the 
Issuer, the Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates. In performing any duty 
under the DC Rules that govern the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no obligation 
however to consider the interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also have an 
interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may participate, together with other dealers, in the 
process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index 
CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations with respect to the index, including the 
removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the index CDS or to determine changes in 
the composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may also participate and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap industry generally. 
By virtue of such participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the Dealer, the 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests 
of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that the activities of the Issuer, 
the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates as described herein may present 
a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates' 
obligations and the interests of an investor under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and information in relation to 
Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may, now or in the 
future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments in a Reference Entity,  
engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any other person or entity 
having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or otherwise extend credit 
to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business, including 
asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition or bankruptcy-related

--- Page 104 ---
RISK FACTORS 
72 
 
advisory services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may 
also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that may affect the Credit Linked Note and any 
reference obligations.  In such circumstances, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or 
their respective affiliates may act with respect to such dealings, business and advisory freely and without 
accountability to any investor in the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, and any 
such action might have an adverse effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that 
might give rise to a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may be, whether by virtue of 
the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in 
relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material in the context 
of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or Securityholders. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Securityholders any such relationship 
or information (whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or information 
may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities 
or any direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of 
any investor for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt 
obligations of a Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other 
distributions from a Reference Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of a Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of 
a Reference Entity, it may exercise its voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder 
of such obligations without regard to the interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect 
the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. Consequently, the investor's purchase of the Credit Linked 
Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a 
Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the 
subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer 
in addition does not grant any security interest over any such obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize 
value or protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices 
to investors by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that 
describes a succession together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or 
valued, certain potential Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilize 
parallel auctions in the case of certain restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, 
the provision of a Deliverable Obligation Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or 
appropriate steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take 
action pursuant to such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time 
periods could adversely affect an investor's interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or 
alter the period during which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided 
by the Issuer. Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Fiscal Agent, investors should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant notices or 
any decision by any of them not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the investor 
shall not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Credit Linked Notes. Investors should further 
note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. 
The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Securityholders shall not affect however (i) 
the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent  (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the

--- Page 105 ---
RISK FACTORS 
73 
 
Issuer to redeem (whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to write down any aggregate 
principal notional of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Credit 
Linked Conditions.  
Interpretation of terms  
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some 
instances, the views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions 
should be interpreted in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the 
consequences resulting from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit 
Linked Notes and result in unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other 
economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect 
certain determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different 
from the settlement currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency 
conversion. Investors should note that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction 
Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be 
set by the auction administrators prior to any auction final price determination date. In such 
circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate risk, which may have a negative 
effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and any Investor. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act 
in its sole and absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute 
discretion, it is under no obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account 
for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. Any 
determinations made or actions taken by the Calculation Agent may have a negative effect on the value 
of and return on the Securities.  
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected 
significantly by the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default 
correlation at that time, in addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled 
"Volatile prices".  
Moreover, because of the difficulty of predicting the likelihood that a given number of Reference Entities 
will default, the value of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to "model risk" – i.e., 
the risk that the model used by a party will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable 
number of Reference Entities default, causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant 
losses for an investor. See "Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" below.  
Securityholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
relating to: (i) whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the 
determination of a Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference 
Entities; (ii) how events that result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and 
order in which defaulting Reference Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating

--- Page 106 ---
RISK FACTORS 
74 
 
to the designation of a Successor, may affect the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number 
and timing of defaults that are deemed to have occurred. 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, investors should note that they could be exposed to 
significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception of the credit quality of the 
underlying Reference Entities. The market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference 
Entities may be highly volatile and may change very rapidly following the availability of new 
information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled "Credit risk of the Reference Entity", 
"Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity", "Actions of Reference Entities", 
"Historical performance may not predict future performance", and "Concentrated credit risk where 
Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions". Investors should carefully review 
the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and evaluate whether 
such exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the market to which exposure is 
required. 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note 
which is based on a standardised index CDS and accordingly there may be no or a limited secondary 
market in such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference 
Entities included in an index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such 
as type of obligor (e.g., corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, 
Europe, Asia or emerging markets); and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). 
These characteristics may be relevant to the probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events 
may be more likely for Reference Entities with certain of these characteristics than for others. The 
market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and 
may change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The market for index CDSs has 
been subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the actions of one or a 
small number of market participants that may take large positions in an index CDS. These distortions 
have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and 
potentially unsustainable divergence between the market price of index CDSs and the price that would 
be expected based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates' trading activities 
may represent a significant portion of the market for particular index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility 
and distortions. Accordingly, investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with 
respect to the index CDS which could have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.  
Given that the risks of an index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying 
Reference Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the 
index CDS referenced in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives 
and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand 
that the Reference Entities in an index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade 
rated only at inception of the index or relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may 
be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular 
index CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for 
example, every six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may 
decline for a given index CDS when a new series of the index is published.

--- Page 107 ---
RISK FACTORS 
75 
 
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an index 
CDS based on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates may be one of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could 
affect the published spread or price. In addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or 
more of their respective affiliates may participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory 
committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index CDS and makes certain 
other determinations with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference 
obligations from the index CDS. In taking any such actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests of any investor 
under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the index CDS and therefore also adversely affect 
the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable. See also "Potential conflicts of interest" above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will 
not early redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity 
merges with or makes a substantial asset transfer to the other.   
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses 
exceed the "attachment point" but remain less than the "detachment point" of the tranche. The likelihood 
that an investor will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those 
with a lower attachment point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable (other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur 
losses on an accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any 
payment for losses unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but 
investors will be exposed to losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the 
portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied 
notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree of leverage (except with respect to the most 
senior tranches). For any given portfolio of Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the 
greater the leverage, the greater the risk for the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. 
However, this does not mean that the most senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.  
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled "Volatile 
prices" but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by expectations about 
"default correlation," among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation refers to the likelihood 
of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any given time period. 
Changes in default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In general, from the 
perspective of an investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other factors constant: 
(a) a decrease in default correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche (i.e., the tranche 
with the lowest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected probability of 
losses on that tranche; (b) an increase in default correlation will decrease the value of the most senior 
tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the 
expected probability of losses on that tranche; and (c) any increase or decrease in default correlation may 
either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine tranches (i.e., tranches between the most junior and 
most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced 
by numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic 
regions and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). 
Default correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of 
economic growth. Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection 
seller than the most junior tranches, the most senior tranches will tend to lose value from the perspective 
of the protection seller at a faster rate than the most junior tranches during an economic downturn. In a

--- Page 108 ---
RISK FACTORS 
76 
 
downturn that widely affects the Reference Entities in a portfolio, a protection seller under a senior 
tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, in which case the senior tranche will prove 
to have been no less risky than junior tranches. Default correlation may change significantly, and in some 
cases abruptly, with changes in market conditions 
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different 
ways and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. 
Accordingly, the valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to "model risk" (i.e., the risk that a 
valuation model does not accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche 
values) which may result in significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations 
between the values of tranches break down.   
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference 
Entities, as applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. 
These changes may affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio 
and, therefore, the value of such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for 
an investment in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised index CDS. 
Accordingly, the valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be 
more complex and introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note.    
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes - adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the creation of a "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Note" having economic terms as closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed 
following exercise in accordance with the terms of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
amendment may adversely affect investors. 
Risks relating to Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the obligations of a Reference Entity incorporated in or from a local 
access jurisdiction. An investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such 
jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a 
developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to 
rapid change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access 
nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes, 
government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect 
adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic 
instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the 
obligation(s) of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign exchange 
markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
which may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference 
Asset, or which may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value 
for such Reference Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the 
possibility of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to 
and in combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including

--- Page 109 ---
RISK FACTORS 
77 
 
those resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may 
significantly affect (a) the value of, and (b) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of 
which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and 
prices may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may 
be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the 
ability of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference 
Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the "Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related 
directly to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference 
Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made.

--- Page 110 ---
RISK FACTORS 
78 
 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists then any 
payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial investment or, in the case of redemption 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may be greater than if the investor were to 
hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" and "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and if the Calculation Agent determines that there would be an Interest Tax 
Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of amounts that would be 
received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any relevant payment 
of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to an investor 
shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction 
Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Investors may therefore receive less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks specific to Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index CDS and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the Reference Entities included in the 
index underlying the index CDS (the component CDSs). Where the Issuer is the protection seller under 
the index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the 
combined positions reflects the difference (the skew) between the value of the index CDS and the 
aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction 
is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment 
Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due 
from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting.   
The value of an index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the index CDS 
the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) 
factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, inter alia, the difference between the pricing 
of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise the relevant index.

--- Page 111 ---
RISK FACTORS 
79 
 
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early, 
a termination payment would be determined in respect of the each constituent transaction within the 
relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result in 
an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Early 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Securityholders being reduced further if the Issuer is 
required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if 
the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Securityholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To 
the extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website).

--- Page 112 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
80 
 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
Before investing in Securities you should determine whether an investment in Securities is appropriate 
in your particular circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers to 
determine the consequences of an investment in Securities and to arrive at your own evaluation of the 
investment. In particular, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor recommend that you take 
independent tax advice before committing to purchase any Securities. None of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of 
investing in any Securities rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local 
taxes or other similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the 
Securities. 
An investment in Securities is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Securities; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Securities for an indefinite period 
of time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Securities for a substantial period of time, if 
at all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Securities and as to whether the investment 
in Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice from such 
advisers as you may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or oral) of the 
Issuer, and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers 
or agents as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in Securities, it being understood that 
information and explanations related to Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a 
recommendation to invest in Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers or agents 
shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in Securities. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
Any Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates 
may enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's and/or, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor's obligations under the Securities and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee but are not required to do so. If they do so, any Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such affiliate will have certain rights under such hedging 
arrangements and may pursue actions and take steps that they deem appropriate to protect their own 
interests under such hedging arrangements without regard to the consequences for Securityholders. You 
will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under any such hedging arrangements and any such 
hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Securityholders and will 
constitute separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or any such affiliate. 
If you intend to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the 
particular Underlying(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. 
For example, the value of the relevant Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for Securities, there is no assurance that their value 
will correlate with movements of the Underlying(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be 
possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any 
relevant Underlying, and you may suffer a loss accordingly.

--- Page 113 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
81 
 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of the Securities (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on 
the value of and return on the investment. If you consider leveraging the Securities, you should obtain 
further detailed information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Securities. The credit rating agencies may have different rating 
methodologies, criteria, models and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Securities. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, 
withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency at any time. If the ratings on any Securities are reduced, 
withdrawn or qualified, it could adversely affect the liquidity or the market value of such Securities.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. 
In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will 
impact the ratings on the Securities or the rating of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
In general, European (excluding United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency 
rating the Securities changes, European (excluding United Kingdom) regulated investors may no longer 
be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Securities may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European (excluding United Kingdom) regulated investors selling the 
Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary market. The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes, 
United Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and 
the Securities may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in United Kingdom regulated 
investors selling the Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary market. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
Information relating to the current ratings of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGML is available at 
www.citigroup.com.  
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities

--- Page 114 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
82 
 
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Securities at any time prior 
to the relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at 
that time. The difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to 
be delivered, as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the Securities. The 
"time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and 
expectations concerning the value of the Underlying(s).  
Securities pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Securities varies 
as the price or level of the Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, 
including (i) the trading price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), 
(iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption 
Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) 
in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) and (viii) any 
related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the 
original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks 
The fallback provisions described in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and 
Benchmarks apply as follows: 
Reference Rates: 
• 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate 
to be applicable in respect of the Securities, Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 (the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply. 
• 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Relevant Agent determines that 
(i) the Reference Rate has been or will be materially changed, has ceased or will cease to be 
provided permanently or indefinitely and there is no successor administrator or provider that 
will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or a regulator or other official sector entity has 
prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate 
in respect of the Securities; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of the Reference Rate or 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result the Issuer or any other entity is not or will not 
be permitted under applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform 
its or their obligations under the Securities; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
"Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable to 
continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions or changes in licensing costs; 
(iv) the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional or other 
supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with applicable responsibility 
announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative of any  underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or (v) the relevant 
Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-counter 
derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will be replaced with a 
replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate. 
• 
The Relevant Agent will seek to determine a replacement Reference Rate which must be one of 
the following:

--- Page 115 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
83 
 
a) 
where applicable, if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating 
from other tenors of the relevant Reference Rate, such interpolated Reference Rate, 
together with an adjustment; or 
b) 
a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
c) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, together with an 
adjustment; or 
d) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Relevant Agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate, together with an adjustment. 
• 
In the alternative, the Relevant Agent may determine that no replacement Reference Rate is 
required or may adjust the term of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event. Where applicable, if no such determination 
and/or adjustments are made, and if the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or 
commercially reasonable to identify a replacement Reference Rate or calculate the relevant 
adjustment, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early.  
• 
The Relevant Agent has powers to make amendments to the terms of the Securities as it 
considers are necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect of the replacement Reference 
Rate, and to determine the level of the Reference Rate to apply in respect of the Securities on 
an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Securities linked to a Reference Rate will be 
calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by the Relevant Agent if a Reference 
Rate Event occurs". 
Benchmarks: 
• 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the relevant event or circumstance, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions) shall 
apply. 
• 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities, or the value of 
the Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the 
Relevant Agent determines that (i) a Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use is 
prohibited by a regulator or other official sector entity in respect of the Securities; (ii) any 
authorisation or similar in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a 
relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or 
similar with the effect that the Issuer or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable 
to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing restrictions or changes in licence costs; or 
(iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially announces the benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, 
of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to 
measure. 
• 
The Relevant Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, 
including, without limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. Alternatively and if 
applicable, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early. For related risks see "Risks relating to 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
Rate as an Underlying:

--- Page 116 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
84 
 
• 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions nor the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply to 
the relevant rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the provisions of Underlying 
Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
For related risks, see "Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate".  
Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify Screen Rate 
Determination to be applicable, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to 
the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(b) (as the case may be) shall apply as described below. 
• 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear or no rate is provided or published by 
the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the relevant rate 
is not provided or published (as applicable), in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 
a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Relevant Agent will determine the Screen Rate in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such source as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
Such rate may be (without limitation) a rate published by another authorised distributor, a rate 
formally recommended by the administrator of the relevant rate or the administrator or 
supervisor or competent authority responsible for supervising such administrator, the last 
published rate or the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent. 
ISDA Determination: 
Where ISDA determination is selected as the method of calculation of a rate of interest, the relevant rate 
will be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated under an 'over-the-counter' 
derivative transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA. 
These definitions provide a standard method of calculating interest and include certain 'fallback' 
provisions which may be used to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or permanent 
discontinuation of the relevant rate. However, for the purposes of the Securities, the fallback provisions 
set out in the relevant ISDA interest rate definitions will only apply in certain circumstances as described 
below. 
The ISDA interest rate definitions have been amended, supplemented and replaced from time to time 
and, as at the date of this document, there are two versions which are relevant for the purposes of the 
Securities: the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the 2006 Definitions) and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA 
as restated from time to time (together with any Matrices referred to therein, the 2021 Definitions). The 
applicable Issue Terms will indicate the version of the ISDA definitions which apply in respect of the 
Securities. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2006 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA Rate cannot be 
determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions and prior to the 
application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other 
permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable 
such fallbacks set out in any supplement to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or 
date shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without

--- Page 117 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
85 
 
limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, however, that even though relevant 
fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the terms of the ISDA Determination 
itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback provisions described in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8 apply then these prior ranking fallback provisions will be applied first, 
meaning that any fallback provisions included as part of the ISDA Determination itself may not 
apply. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2021 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any fallback provisions relating to temporary cessation will apply in 
respect of the Securities. However, prior to the application of any provisions relating to 
permanent cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, PROVIDED 
THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant ISDA Rate as a result of such event or 
circumstance and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for 
the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). See further "The unavailability, 
disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Securities are linked will result in 
the application of certain fallback provisions" above. 
• 
For related risks, see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the 
Calculation Agent's discretion or by alternative methods ". 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination:  
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination and/or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the 
Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or 
circumstance, the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(ii) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) 
(as the case may be) shall apply as described below. 
• 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (other than where Index 
Determination applies), if the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available 
on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors 
on a relevant day, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
a) 
(i) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on 
such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such 
day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (A) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (B) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Securities for so long as the SONIA 
rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. For related risks, 
see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's 
discretion or by alternative methods" above.

--- Page 118 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
86 
 
• 
If the relevant rate is unavailable, where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (and 
Index Determination applies) and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is applicable, the 
relevant SONIA Compounded Index value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
Summary of certain Floating Rate Options for the purposes of "ISDA Determination" and applicable 
methodologies – Frequently Asked Questions 
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand certain Floating Rate Options (as defined below) and applicable methodologies that may be 
relevant when considering the application of "ISDA Determination" to the determination of certain rates 
of interest. However, any decision to invest in Securities should only be made after careful consideration 
of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b) (ISDA Determination), as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as 
completed, modified and/or supplemented by the aplicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This 
section is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, such Conditions.  
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
Introduction 
What is "ISDA Determination"?  
"ISDA Determination" is a method of calculating the ISDA Rate (i.e. the interest rate prior to adjustments 
for any margin or participation rate) applicable to certain rates of interest. Where "ISDA Determination" 
applies, the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period or a relevant day will be determined on the same basis as 
the rate that would be calculated for an equivalent period under an over-the-counter derivative (OTC) 
transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA, i.e. the 
2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, as applicable. These definitions provide a standard method of 
calculating interest and include certain fallback provisions which may be used to determine an interest 
rate in the event of temporary or permanent discontinuation of the relevant rate. 
When will "ISDA Determination" apply?  
"ISDA Determination" is applicable if "ISDA Determination" is elected as the method for calculating 
the rate of interest payable on the Securities.  
What are the 2006 Definitions? 
The 2006 Definitions is a definitional booklet published by ISDA, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
What are the 2021 Definitions? 
The 2021 Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, is a definitional booklet published by 
ISDA, as amended and/or updated from time to time. 
Floating Rate Options 
What is a Floating Rate Option? 
The interest rate under an OTC transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions would be determined by 
reference to the underlying benchmark, which is referred to as the "Floating Rate Option" in the ISDA 
Definitions. Such Floating Rate Option would be as specified by the parties to such OTC transaction. 
Alternatively, in the context of the 2021 Definitions only, the parties may refer to the "Floating Rate 
Options" as set out within the Floating Rate Matrix, as updated from time to time.

--- Page 119 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
87 
 
For the purposes of a rate of interest to which "ISDA Determination" applies, the Floating Rate Option 
will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is the Floating Rate Matrix? 
The Floating Rate Matrix is only relevant for only such swap transactions which incorporate the 2021 
Definitions. It specifies certain standard characteristics of each Floating Rate Option (including the 
"Category" that such Floating Rate Option belongs to and its "Style"). These characteristics would 
previously have been described using "long-hand" legal drafting in the 2006 Definitions. 
What are the different types of Floating Rate Options? 
There are different types of Floating Rate Options, including the following: 
(a) 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option?" 
below); and 
(b) 
an Index Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Index Floating Rate Option?" below). 
What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option? 
An Overnight Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that directly references an overnight rate. 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified as an "Overnight Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix.  
What is an Index Floating Rate Option? 
An Index Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that either: 
(a) 
describes the level of a calculated index and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant 
benchmark will be identified as an "Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix; or 
(b) 
describes the level of an index that represents the rate of return of a daily compound interest rate 
investment and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified as 
a "Compounded Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix. 
What methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options? 
Certain compounding or averaging methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options where market 
participants require the flexibility to more accurately hedge cash products which use different 
methodologies. Further, certain compounding methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options 
which are indices with a view to providing a standardised way of calculating compounded rates, 
especially for less sophisticated market participants who may not have access to detailed financial data. 
In any case, this is a commercial (rather than a legal) consideration and therefore it is not mandatory that 
such methodologies must always apply. In fact, for certain Floating Rate Options (such as term rates), 
the application of a methodology is not consistent with the nature of the Floating Rate Option itself and, 
therefore, such considerations would not be relevant for such Floating Rate Options. 
Under the Conditions, it is possible to apply a compounding or an averaging methodology to an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further, "Overnight Rate Compounding Methods" and "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Methods" below) or certain index methodologies to an Index Floating Rate Option (see 
further, "Index Methods" below). Where such methodologies apply, these will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Overnight Rate Compounding Methods  
Which compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Compounding" (see further, "What is OIS Compounding?" below);

--- Page 120 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
88 
 
(b) 
"Compounding with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Compounding with Lookback"?" 
below); 
(c) 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift?" below); and 
(d) 
"Compounding with Lockout" (see further, "What is Compounding with Lockout?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate compounding method may also be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What is OIS Compounding? 
If "OIS Compounding" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to 
determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the compounded rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period.  
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Compounding with Lookback"? 
If "Compounding with Lookback" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for a day falling a certain number of Business Days prior to such date (referred to as 
the "Lookback") and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Lookback" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will depend on the relevant day in the Interest Period. 
What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift? 
If "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect 
of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for the corresponding day during an "observation period" which shadows such Interest 
Period (i.e. both the start and end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified 
number of days referred to as the "Observation Period Shift") and the levels of the daily observed 
rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
observation period. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a

--- Page 121 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
89 
 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is Compounding with Lockout? 
If "Compounding with Lockout" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
for each day in the Interest Period up and to (and including) a specified date falling a 
number of Business Days before the end of the Interest Period (the Lockout Date), on 
the basis of the rate observed for such day; and 
(ii) 
for each day in the Interest Period from (but excluding) the Lockout Date up to the end 
of the Interest Period (referred to as the Lockout Period), on the basis of the rate 
observed on the Lockout Date (i.e. a single rate will apply during the Lockout Period), 
and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the Lockout Period will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
Interest Period, including during the Lockout Period. This essentially means that the designation 
of a Lockout Period will not impact the weighting given to the rate. 
Overnight Rate Averaging Methods 
Which averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Averaging" (see further, "What is "Overnight Averaging"?" below); 
(b) 
"Averaging with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lookback"?" below); 
(c) 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift"?" below); and 
(d) 
"Averaging with Lockout" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lockout"?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate averaging method may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
What is "Overnight Averaging"? 
If "Overnight Averaging" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be averaged to determine 
the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the averaged rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period.  
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
90 
 
What is "Averaging with Lookback"? 
"Averaging with Lookback" is similar to "Compounding with Lookback" (see "What is "Compounding 
with Lookback"?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than 
compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
What is "Averaging with Observation Period Shift"? 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" is similar to "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" 
(see "What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is 
determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
What is "Averaging with Lockout"? 
"Averaging with Lockout" is similar to "Compounding with Lockout" (see "What is Compounding with 
Lockout?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the 
levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
Index Methods 
Which methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options? 
In respect of Floating Rate Securities to which the 2021 Definitions apply, it is possible to apply the 
"Standard Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Standard Index Method"?" below) provided that 
such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Further, any of the following methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as the Index Method in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Compounded Index Method"?" 
below); and 
(b) 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is the 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"?" below); and 
(c) 
"All-In Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "All-In Compounded Index 
Method"?"). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other methodology may also be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
What is the "Standard Index Method"? 
If the "Standard Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period, 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be calculated as the rate of return of the relevant index over 
such Interest Period (essentially, by comparing the change in the index level between the start of such 
Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the compounded index 
level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Index Floating Rate 
Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over the "observation period" which shadows such Interest Period (i.e. both the start and

--- Page 123 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
91 
 
end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified number of days referred to as the 
"Observation Shift Period"); and 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is the "All-In Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "All-In Compounded Index Method" applies to a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option in 
respect of an Interest Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the 
relevant compounded index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the 
compounded index level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
Considerations relating to linear interpolation provisions 
If "ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA Definitions will apply to the relevant 
Floating Rate Option. The Floating Rate Option shall be determined at the level of the related swap or 
hedging arrangement by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the calculation 
agent for the relevant swap shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. In such circumstances, the linear interpolation provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2(j) of the Conditions shall not apply to the Securities. 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and 
Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and its 
businesses over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face 
ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America (U.S.) 
and globally. While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing 
Citigroup Inc. are too numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited to (i) 
potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the U.S. federal government 
and other governments, including as a result of the differing priorities of the current U.S. presidential 
administration, changes in regulatory leadership or focus and actions of Congress or in response to the 
pandemic; (ii) potential changes to various aspects of the regulatory capital framework and requirements 
applicable to Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) future legislative and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and 
globally related to climate change, including any new disclosure requirements. When referring to 
"regulatory", Citigroup Inc. is including both formal regulation and the views and expectations of its 
regulators in their supervisory roles. 
U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or 
implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop 
with respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even 
conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European 
Commission adopted, as part of Capital Requirements Directive V (CRD V), a new requirement for 
major banking groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish 
an intermediate EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly 
meaning banks, broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. While in some respects 
the requirement mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking organisations to form U.S. 
intermediate holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company requirement could lead

--- Page 124 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
92 
 
to additional complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.'s resolution planning, capital and liquidity 
allocation and efficiency in various jurisdictions.  
Moreover, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.'s and its 
management's long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to 
change and potentially more costly. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue 
to discuss various changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment 
by management as to the impact to Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. For example, 
while the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms and revised market risk framework have been finalised 
at the international level, there remain significant uncertainties with respect to the integration of these 
revisions into the U.S. regulatory capital framework. Business planning is required to be based on 
possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon 
implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance 
can change. 
Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citigroup Inc.'s compliance risks 
and costs and can adversely affect Citigroup Inc.'s businesses, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Green Bonds 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of specific Securities may provide that it will be the relevant 
Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Securities to fund, in whole or in 
part, the financing or refinancing of "Eligible Green Assets", which refers to loans and/or investments 
made by entities within the Group for assets or projects that meet the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria (as 
specified in the Green Bond Framework) and do not meet any of the Exclusionary Criteria (as specified 
in the Green Bond Framework) (Green Bonds).  You should make your own independent decision to 
invest in Green Bonds and as to whether an investment in such Securities is appropriate or proper for 
you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and investment criteria or guidelines and upon 
advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Green Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Green Bond Framework (the Green Bond Framework) for securities 
issuances in order to finance or refinance projects that contribute to climate change mitigation as well as 
projects that promote sustainable infrastructure. The below description is based on the Green Bond 
Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Green Bond Framework may be amended 
or updated from time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Green Bond 
Framework 
which 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Group's 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) and the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant 
Securities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Bond Framework has received a Second Party Opinion 
by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to 
any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond 
Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Eligible Green Projects 
The Green Bond Eligibility Criteria specified in the Green Bond Framework seek to support projects in 
one or more of the following areas (or any other eligible area described in the applicable Issue Terms) 
(Eligible Green Projects): 
• 
Renewable energy: proceeds may be allocated towards the acquisition, development, operation 
and maintenance of new and ongoing renewable energy activities, including related costs.

--- Page 125 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
93 
 
• 
Energy efficiency: proceeds may be allocated towards the financing or refinancing of (i) 
warehouse facilities for residential energy efficiency loans, and (ii) consumer finance companies 
that provide residential energy efficiency loans for projects or assets that reduce energy 
consumption or mitigate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
• 
Sustainable transportation: proceeds may be allocated towards building or operating mass 
transit and creating or constructing infrastructure to support mass transit. 
• 
Water quality and conservation: proceeds may be allocated towards projects that improve water 
quality, efficiency and conservation. 
• 
Green building: proceeds may be allocated towards financing of existing or new construction / 
renovation of residential and commercial buildings that earn certain efficiency and 
environmental certifications. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (Exclusionary Criteria) for the use of proceeds 
from the sale of Green Bonds (for example, certain large-scale hydropower plants, nuclear power plants 
and fossil fuel projects) and commits itself to not knowingly being involved in financing any such 
projects or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Green Bond Asset Portfolio and Management of Proceeds 
Under the Green Bond Framework, the Group will maintain a single pool for Eligible Green Assets (the 
Green Bond Asset Portfolio). If the investment by any entity within the Group in any asset in the Green 
Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria, the 
asset will be reviewed and removed from the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group's Green Bond Asset Working Group (the GBA Working Group) is responsible for 
overseeing and reviewing the Green Bond Asset Portfolio and the aggregate amount of Green Bonds 
issued by entities within the Group with the aim of ensuring that the aggregate amount in the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by such Green Bonds. For this 
purpose, the aggregate size and maturity of the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If for 
any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the aggregate amount of 
Green Bonds issued, the unallocated amount will be held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid 
marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in the liquidity portfolio of the Group until 
the amount can be allocated towards the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The Group publishes a report (the Green and Social Bond Report) on its website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) annually. The Green and Social Bond Report will cover all Green Bonds issued during the 
reporting period specified therein and any material changes to the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. You 
should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular Green Bonds 
as to the Green Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Green and Social Bond Report will give details of (i) the total amount of assets in the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio and the total outstanding amount raised by Green Bond issuances; (ii) the eligible assets 
within the Green Bond Asset Portfolio along with the Issuer's funded financial commitments to the assets; 
(iii) the total amount of unallocated proceeds, if any; and (iv) environmental impacts of the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio to the extent data is available and relevant for reporting. Any such report is only current 
as of the date that report was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. 
Under the Green Bond Framework, the Group has also engaged external independent accountants to 
review management's assertion that the assets included in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio meet the Green 
Bond Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary Criteria and that 
the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount 
raised by Green Bonds (or, to the extent the total amount of the outstanding bonds is less than the 
aggregate amount in Green Bond Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in 
the Green Bond Framework). Any review report is only current as of the date that report was issued and

--- Page 126 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
94 
 
you must determine for yourself the relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein 
for the purposes of your own investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green and Social Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of specific Securities may provide that it will be the relevant 
Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Securities to fund the financing 
or refinancing, in whole or in part, of a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets 
(Social Bonds). You should make your own independent decision to invest in Social Bonds and as to 
whether an investment in such Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own 
judgement, circumstances and investment criteria or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as 
you may deem necessary. 
Social Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Social Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the Social Bond 
Framework) for securities issuances in order to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a portion of 
Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets. The below description is based on the Social Bond 
Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Social Bond Framework may be 
amended or updated from time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the 
Social 
Bond 
Framework 
which 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Group's 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) and the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant 
Securities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Social Bond Framework has received a Second Party Opinion 
by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Social Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to 
any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Social Bond 
Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio and Management of Proceeds 
Under the Social Bond Framework, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Social Bonds is allocated 
to finance or refinance a portion of the Group's portfolio of affordable housing assets (the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio), which consist of selected eligible financing instruments which are used 
to finance the construction, rehabilitation and/or the preservation of quality affordable housing for low-
moderate income populations in the United States (the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria). If the 
investment in any asset in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no 
longer meets the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria, the asset will be removed from the Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group's Affordable Housing Bond Asset Working Group (the AFBA Working Group) is 
responsible for oversight of the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio and monitoring the aggregate 
amount of Social Bonds issued by entities within the Group with the aim of ensuring that the aggregate 
amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount 
raised by such Social Bonds. For this purpose, the continued eligibility and aggregate size of the 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If for any reason the aggregate amount 
in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the outstanding amount of Social Bonds 
issued, the unallocated amount will be held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable 
instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the amount can be allocated towards the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio.

--- Page 127 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
95 
 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (Exclusionary Criteria) for the proceeds of the 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (for example, certain loans or investments for projects outside 
the United States, mortgage-backed securities and other derivatives, etc., all as further described in the 
Social Bond Framework) and commits itself to not knowingly be involved in financing any such projects 
or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Reporting 
The Group publishes a report (the Green and Social Bond Report) on its website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) annually. The Green and Social Bond Report will cover all Social Bonds issued during the 
reporting period specified therein and any material changes in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio. You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular 
Social Bonds as to the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Green and Social Bond Report will provide information on (i) the total outstanding par amount of 
Social Bonds issued during the reporting period; (ii) the total outstanding amount of funded financial 
assets that comprise the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio; (iii) the total amount of unallocated 
proceeds, if any, assigned to cash, cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments; and (iv) 
social impacts of the Social Bonds to the extent data is available and relevant for reporting. Any such 
report is only current as of the date that report was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. 
Under the Social Bond Framework, the Group will also engage external independent accountants to 
review management's assertion that the assets included in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio 
meet the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary 
Criteria and that the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or 
greater than the aggregate amount raised by the issuance of Social Bonds (or, to the extent the total 
amount of the outstanding Social Bonds is less than the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in the Social Bond Framework). 
Any review report is only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself 
the relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own 
investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green and Social Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Finance Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI  
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of specific Securities may provide that it will be the relevant 
Issuer's intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Securities to finance or refinance 
a portion of certain of the Group's portfolio of assets (such assets, the Social Finance Assets and any 
such portfolio, the Social Finance Assets Portfolio) that meet Citigroup's Social Finance Asset Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria (as specified in the Social Finance Framework) and do not meet any of the 
Exclusionary Criteria (as specified in the Social Finance Framework). You should make your own 
independent decision to invest in the Social Finance Bonds and as to whether an investment in such 
Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and 
investment criteria or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Social Finance Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Finance Framework 
The Group has developed the Citigroup Social Finance Framework (the Social Finance Framework) 
for securities issuances in order to support lending to social inclusive businesses across Citigroup's 
emerging market footprint. The below description is based on the Social Finance Framework as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Social Finance Framework may be amended or updated from 
time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social Finance Framework 
which will be available on the Group's website (https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-
income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-securities) and the applicable Issue Terms for information on 
the use of proceeds of the relevant Securities.

--- Page 128 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
96 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Social Finance Framework has received a "second party 
opinion" by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any such opinion is only current as of the date 
that opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Finance Bonds. You must determine for 
yourself the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of 
any investment in Social Finance Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Social Finance Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Finance Assets 
The Social Finance Assets must meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria by falling 
into one of the categories outlined below: 
(1) 
Access to essential services: financing towards expanding access to financial services to 
unbanked and underserved individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); 
(2) 
Affordable housing: financing for companies and financial service providers enabling access to 
housing and housing improvements for underserved purchasers and home owners; 
(3) 
Affordable basic infrastructure: financing for companies that expand availability of water, 
sanitation, or clean energy for off-grid communities in emerging markets; 
(4) 
Access to essential services (healthcare): financing for companies that expand access to 
inclusive healthcare, seek to ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for underserved 
individuals lacking access to healthcare and in emerging markets; 
(5) 
Access to essential services (education): financing for companies and organisations that deliver 
and promote inclusive lifelong learning opportunities for all, including underserved individuals 
lacking access to education and in emerging markets; and 
(6) 
Access to essential services (smallholder farmer finance): financing for social enterprises that 
deliver products and services to smallholder farmers.  
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria for the use of the proceeds from Social Finance 
Bonds (the Exclusionary Criteria) (for example, certain loans or investments (i) for projects in high 
income economies, (ii) in institutions not meeting employment regulations, (iii) supporting fossil fuel 
energy generation, (iv) which may result in economic loss to the Group, (v) in activities which are 
incompatible with the Social Finance Framework or the Group's social finance criteria or which generate 
significant adverse social impacts, (vi) which have matured or (vii) in "prohibited activities" as defined 
in the Social Finance Framework) and commits itself to not intentionally including any of such projects 
or activities in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Eligible Social Finance Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
The Group's specialist Social Finance team will review assets to check they meet the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and will identify a unique Social Finance Asset Portfolio for the 
aggregate principal amount of securities issued during a given reporting period that are intended to be 
used for Social Finance Assets (Social Finance Bonds). Once screened, Social Finance Assets will be 
added to the relevant Social Finance Asset Portfolio. The selection process for the Social Finance Assets 
takes into account whether the potential eligible asset satisfies the criteria for inclusion in the Social 
Finance Assets Portfolio. Additionally, the selection of Social Finance Assets is also governed by risk 
approval guidelines and credit monitoring standards in each relevant jurisdiction. If the Group's 
investment in any asset in any Social Finance Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets 
the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria or satisfies any of the Exclusionary Criteria, the 
Social Finance team will remove such asset from the relevant Social Finance Asset Portfolio and may 
include additional eligible assets in a Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Management of Proceeds

--- Page 129 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
97 
 
The Group's Sustainable Bond Working Group (the SB Working Group) is responsible for oversight of 
the Social Finance Asset Portfolio, and its responsibilities include monitoring the total aggregate amount 
of Social Finance Bonds issued and tracking the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. The SB Working Group 
aims to ensure that the aggregate amount in each Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater 
than the aggregate amount raised by Social Finance Bonds issued during the associated reporting period 
by reviewing the aggregate size and maturity of the Social Finance Asset Portfolio each quarter. If for 
any reason the aggregate amount in any Social Finance Asset Portfolio is less than the total outstanding 
amount of such Social Finance Bonds issued, the Group will assign the unallocated balance to cash, cash 
equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the 
amount can be allocated towards the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The Group publishes a report (the Green and Social Bond Report) on its website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/global/investors/fixed-income-investor-relations/sustainable-debt-
securities) annually. The Green and Social Bond Report will cover allocation and impact reporting for 
all Social Finance Bonds issued during the reporting period specified therein and will provide updated 
information should a material change in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio occur. You should note that 
no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular Social Finance Bonds as to 
the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
External Review 
The Group will engage external independent accountants to review management's assertion that the 
assets included in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria and are not invested in assets defined in the Exclusionary Criteria and that the aggregate amount 
in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by the 
relevant Social Finance Bonds (or, to the extent the total amount of the relevant outstanding Social 
Finance Bonds is greater than the aggregate amount in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio, that the 
difference is held in the manner described in the Social Finance Framework). Any review report is only 
current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself the relevance of any 
such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own investment 
considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green and Social Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and is not, nor 
should be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold the Securities. 
Securities or Underlying(s) (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, the Preference 
Share Underlying(s)) labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or similar objectives  
Securities or the Underlying(s) of Securities (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, the 
Preference Share Underlying(s)) (e.g. a Security Index) may be described or marketed as having "green", 
"sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives.  
Notwithstanding the use of such term(s) in the title and/or marketing materials of the Securities or in the 
description of the Underlying(s) (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, the Preference 
Share Underlying(s)), such Securities or Underlying(s) (or, in the case of Preference Share Linked 
Securities, the Preference Share Underlying(s)) (or the administrator(s) thereof): 
• 
may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments which are "green", 
"sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label; and/or 
• 
may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments which 
are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label (including as set 
out under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation), 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services 
sector) and Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for

--- Page 130 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
98 
 
bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and sustainability-linked bonds) or either of 
those regulations as they form part of the domestic law of the UK). 
There is currently no universally agreed framework (legal, regulatory, or any other) or market consensus 
on what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar product or the precise 
attributes required for a particular product to be defined as such, and no assurance can be given that such 
a universally accepted framework or consensus will develop over time. While there have been regulatory 
efforts in some jurisdictions and regions (particularly within the European Economic Area and the UK) 
to define similar concepts, the legal and regulatory framework governing sustainable finance is still 
developing and there can be no assurance that these local regimes will be more widely adopted in global 
financial markets.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given to investors that any product will meet any or all of the investor's 
objectives or expectations regarding investments which are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or other similar label or that no environmental, social and/or other impacts will occur in the 
implementation of the product. 
Payment of Issue Price 
Save as provided in the Conditions (including any costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses relating to the 
purchase, exercise and/or redemption of the Securities), the terms of the Securities are such that, in 
absence of error or overpayment by the Issuer, no payment is expected from Securityholders other than 
the Issue Price.

--- Page 131 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS 
99 
 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 132 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
100 
 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP 
INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and/or filed with the Luxembourg 
supervisory authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the 
CSSF), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed 
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on 27 February 2023 
(the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202303/53fb7ac0-42c5-420c-bf7f-
c902c39506a2.pdf); 
(2) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 April 2023 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
31 March 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/9d720560-67a9-
4fcf-853b-3fe10e4caf2e.pdf);  
(3) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2023 
filed with the SEC on 5 May 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/43543d7a-4ebb-43ea-822e-a281dcb45e77.pdf); 
(4) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 July 2023 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 
2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202307/404300f9-1f2a-439c-9a92-
3297f14cd47c.pdf); 
(5) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2023 filed with the SEC on 4 August 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/76032bf8-fe99-4de6-bdea-58ccb60f980f.pdf); 
(6) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 13 October 2023 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
30 September 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202310/739045b8-1539-
4465-a72c-12187c1c8cb1.pdf); 
(7) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2023 filed with the SEC on 3 November 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 
10-Q) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202311/86f86801-53c4-4234-b342-036460d81a9f.pdf); 
(8) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2013 (the June 2013 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b3876042-ab12-
4fa4-a40e-792aa6370c9d.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
6 August 2013 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_30edc11e-bd0c-4aca-9647-
59106ee9b0c3.PDF?v=1582015);  
(9) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2013 (the September 2013 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-

--- Page 133 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
101 
 
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3b1e4730-2841-4293-96ca-088347d09c58.pdf); 
(10) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2014 (the September 2014 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6a488792-04a1-4079-bbcc-
770f136aab10.PDF?v=452015), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
28 November 2014 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_e4eba409-e8d0-48d0-adc7-
c80d02c9972f.PDF?v=1582015) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 20 March 2015 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_6fe83588-0699-4e9e-8dad-
3572a77ca43f.PDF?v=1582015); 
(11) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2015 (the September 2015 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d44d7aef-aa29-405a-84e7-
a22895ae5329.PDF?v=11112015); 
(12) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2016 (the February 2016 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c9098db9-d68b-41be-8e7f-d2427d5b2110.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 15 March 2016 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_27d53627-6267-4d5f-966c-bad013d4e7e6.PDF), 
a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 16 May 2016 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5e66558b-
b1dc-4a2f-9f1e-0f0d61bc273d.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6/7 dated 23 
November 2016 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_1b67850a-f09e-47f7-b331-09b600a50559.PDF);  
(13) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2017 (the February 2017 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_338ce64b-fa39-42db-81d4-5b98369f718e.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 16 March 2017 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_fccfd40b-2bb1-4d03-9bf6-78bd10e9ea24.PDF), 
a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 25 July 2017 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Supplement_033b247e-2fb0-464d-af45-d6df0a3f61d4.PDF) 
and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 26 September 2017 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_0a675935-df40-4c1a-9a73-7135cb685137.PDF);  
(14) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2018 (the February 2018 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-

--- Page 134 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
102 
 
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e19922fc-a896-490e-b8e3-e272d9680065.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 13 March 2018 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_03c0ffdf-6e72-4968-93b2-02e6093050a1.PDF), 
a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 11 May 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_b18d877b-
ebae-484e-956d-6c4608fd8ddb.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 30 July 2018 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_472ee193-ea45-4f80-9930-86d4e37bc33f.PDF) and a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 5 September 2018 (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_c29d9514-efa3-442a-969c-1c970e4cda26.pdf);  
(15) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2019 (the January 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_fbd95b51-848d-4f21-8310-83cc41b7cef2.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 11 March 2019 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f8c2dba2-b4f6-493f-9515-adc4c4ea39ca.PDF);  
(16) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the July 2019 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_76049f0d-79f3-40f7-aee3-548371562d8f.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 22 January 2020 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a344ffbb-f07a-4447-a4e6-105afecd5721.PDF) and a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.7 dated 11 March 2020 (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f7726694-ac81-44d6-8c03-57ae6f953bba.PDF); 
(17) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020 (the May 2020 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d30b1bc3-202c-4a25-9a51-398e0e22fb3b.PDF); 
(18) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 (the December 2020 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_509ac771-6bcb-
4b35-ad81-e31f9c8be268.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 
16 March 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/d2f87050-b898-4480-be15-7ef3537b49f7.PDF), 
a 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 27 April 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/498850de-e7fe-491c-8e44-
952f83516e04.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 20 May 2021 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202105/780fd4bd-0b97-465d-ae91-e16de46bac32.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 6 August 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202108/aad4215b-2f90-4426-894d-
b728b5ab5589.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 15 October 2021 (which

--- Page 135 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
103 
 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202110/5fed8821-404f-464b-b20f-38da134746a2.PDF); 
(19) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 (the December 2021 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/a5ab18e5-0230-4127-a455-
8f0d410d4938.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1 dated 1 February 
2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/c08668ae-cd9b-4f8d-bc83-0b821bbbf96f.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 2 dated 16 March 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202209/bbbfe20b-2dca-48d8-acf3-
a543fd37d857.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 5 May 2022 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/3d74c2d2-f12d-4b74-b841-2c9ca2568e1a.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 2 August 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202208/5039855d-efab-4b29-92f2-
87281891e44f.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 7 dated 16 September 2022 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/4a8b3f53-421e-4297-a7b2-486a221a762c.PDF) 
and 
a 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 18 October 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202210/a1502955-e58e-43ee-aa57-
0a91c084ebfb.PDF); and  
(20) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 (the December 2022 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/0212e800-69fa-493f-a5fe-
b180a9c93447.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 15 March 
2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/e8474c00-ec47-46dc-ad63-a8455052d5ca.pdf), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 3 dated 3 May 2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/9087be18-035c-4ecc-ad28-
7ca8db14c5a3.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 24 May 2023 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/76a3cff9-d9f2-413b-bd37-a07da913d912.pdf), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 1 August 2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202308/36dedeb7-d16a-40d9-8016-
6b351135a94a.pdf) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 dated 22 August 2023 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/9f1d433c-ace8-4a3f-9d50-fee13f95a881.pdf).  
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant document(s) as set out below:  
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 
and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 
2022 Form 10-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
138-139 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
142-143

--- Page 136 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
104 
 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-313 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 
2022 and 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 
2020 
132-135 
2. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-23 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Institutional Clients Group and Global Consumer Banking 
12-22 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
163-164 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
195-204 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-22 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
24-40 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
41-54 
 
(iv) 
Sustainability and Other ESG Matters 
54-56 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
122-128 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-159 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
298-304 
F. 
Risk Factors 
41-54 
G. 
Risk Management 
59-121 
H. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
322-326 
3. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K:

--- Page 137 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
105 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 April 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-34 
4. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-206 
5. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 
10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-20 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-20 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
71 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
101 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-123 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
2-20 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  Disclosure 
77-85

--- Page 138 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
106 
 
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies and 
Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
87-88 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 25 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
196-197 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
34-76 
6. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 July 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-34 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-209 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 
10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-21 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-21 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
71 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
100

--- Page 139 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
107 
 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-122 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
2-21 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  Disclosure 
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
77-86 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies and 
Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-96 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 26 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
207-208 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
35-76 
9. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 13 October 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-34 
10. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94-95 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-211 
11. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
1-22

--- Page 140 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
108 
 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-22 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
73 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
103 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
117-124 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
2-22 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure 
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
79-88 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies and 
Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-99 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 26 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
209-210 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
37-78 
12. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in June 2013 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-195 
13. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2013 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-271

--- Page 141 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
109 
 
14. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2014 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
273-304 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
305-524 
15. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2015 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
288-320 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
321-404 
16. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2016 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
315-353 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
354-439 
17. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2017 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
333-371 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
372-602 
18. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2018 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
339-378 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
379-611 
19. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in January 2019 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
345-391 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
392-628 
20. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in July 2019 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus:

--- Page 142 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
110 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
378-428 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
429-868 
21. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in May 2020 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
A. 
Section G.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
267-316 
B. 
Section G.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
317-758 
22. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2020 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
298-357 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
358-806 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
807-989 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
990-1167 
23. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2021 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
307-366 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
367-838 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
839-1040 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1041-1237 
24. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2022 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
317-376 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
377-849 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
850-1052 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1053-1251

--- Page 143 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
111 
 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2022, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, the Citigroup Inc. 
2023 Q3 Form 10-Q and the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K referred to above are and will be available 
to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov).  
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such 
statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other 
parts of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
112 
 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and/or filed with the Luxembourg 
supervisory authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the 
CSSF), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2021 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2021 (the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/1d93ce06-e362-481f-b095-31163994e9d5.pdf); 
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2022 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2022 (the CGMHI 2022 Annual Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/261d3ad5-2558-4756-b8fe-58c66c212593.pdf; 
(3) 
CGMHI's Half-Yearly Financial Report containing its unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the CGMHI 2023 Half-Yearly 
Financial Report) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202309/d814ddfa-7f36-4126-a665-683ced587af1.pdf);  
(4) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed 
with the SEC on 27 February 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K) (which is published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/53fb7ac0-42c5-420c-bf7f-c902c39506a2.pdf);  
(5) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 April 2023 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
31 March 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/9d720560-67a9-
4fcf-853b-3fe10e4caf2e.pdf); 
(6) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2023 
filed with the SEC on 5 May 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/43543d7a-4ebb-43ea-822e-a281dcb45e77.pdf); 
(7) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 July 2023 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 
2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202307/404300f9-1f2a-439c-9a92-
3297f14cd47c.pdf);  
(8) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2023 filed with the SEC on 4 August 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/76032bf8-fe99-4de6-bdea-58ccb60f980f.pdf);  
(9) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 13 October 2023 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
30 September 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202310/739045b8-1539-
4465-a72c-12187c1c8cb1.pdf); 
(10) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2023 filed with the SEC on 3 November 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 
10-Q) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202311/86f86801-53c4-4234-b342-036460d81a9f.pdf);

--- Page 145 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
113 
 
(11) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2016 (the February 2016 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c9098db9-d68b-
41be-8e7f-d2427d5b2110.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
15 March 2016 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_27d53627-6267-4d5f-966c-
bad013d4e7e6.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 16 May 2016 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5e66558b-b1dc-4a2f-9f1e-0f0d61bc273d.PDF) and a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.6/7 dated 23 November 2016 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_1b67850a-f09e-47f7-b331-09b600a50559.PDF); 
(12) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2017 (the February 2017 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_338ce64b-fa39-
42db-81d4-5b98369f718e.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
16 March 2017 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_fccfd40b-2bb1-4d03-9bf6-78bd10e9ea24.PDF), 
a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 25 July 2017 (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Supplement_033b247e-2fb0-464d-af45-d6df0a3f61d4.PDF) 
and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 26 September 2017 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_0a675935-df40-4c1a-9a73-7135cb685137.PDF); 
(13) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2018 (the February 2018 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e19922fc-a896-
490e-b8e3-e272d9680065.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
13 March 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_03c0ffdf-6e72-4968-93b2-02e6093050a1.PDF), 
a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 11 May 2018 (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_b18d877b-ebae-484e-956d-6c4608fd8ddb.PDF), 
a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 30 July 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_472ee193-
ea45-4f80-9930-86d4e37bc33f.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 5 
September 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_c29d9514-efa3-442a-969c-1c970e4cda26.pdf);  
(14) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2019 (the January 2019 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_fbd95b51-848d-4f21-8310-83cc41b7cef2.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 11 March 2019 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f8c2dba2-b4f6-493f-9515-adc4c4ea39ca.PDF);  
(15) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the July 2019 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-

--- Page 146 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
114 
 
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_76049f0d-79f3-
40f7-aee3-548371562d8f.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 
22 January 2020 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a344ffbb-f07a-4447-a4e6-105afecd5721.PDF) 
and as Base Prospectus Supplement No.7 dated 11 March 2020 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f7726694-ac81-44d6-8c03-57ae6f953bba.PDF); 
(16) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020 (the May 2020 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d30b1bc3-202c-
4a25-9a51-398e0e22fb3b.PDF);  
(17) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 (the December 2020 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_509ac771-6bcb-
4b35-ad81-e31f9c8be268.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 
16 March 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/d2f87050-b898-4480-be15-7ef3537b49f7.PDF), 
a 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 27 April 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/498850de-e7fe-491c-8e44-
952f83516e04.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 20 May 2021 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202105/780fd4bd-0b97-465d-ae91-e16de46bac32.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 6 August 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202108/aad4215b-2f90-4426-894d-
b728b5ab5589.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 15 October 2021 (which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202110/5fed8821-404f-464b-b20f-38da134746a2.PDF); and 
(18) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 (the December 2021 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/a5ab18e5-0230-4127-a455-
8f0d410d4938.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1 dated 1 February 
2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/c08668ae-cd9b-4f8d-bc83-0b821bbbf96f.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 2 dated 16 March 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202209/bbbfe20b-2dca-48d8-acf3-
a543fd37d857.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 5 May 2022 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/3d74c2d2-f12d-4b74-b841-2c9ca2568e1a.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 2 August 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202208/5039855d-efab-4b29-92f2-
87281891e44f.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 7 dated 16 September 2022 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/4a8b3f53-421e-4297-a7b2-486a221a762c.PDF) 
and 
a 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 18 October 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202210/a1502955-e58e-43ee-aa57-
0a91c084ebfb.PDF); and 
(19) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMHI Underlying

--- Page 147 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
115 
 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 (the December 2022 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus ) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/0212e800-69fa-493f-a5fe-
b180a9c93447.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 15 March 
2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/e8474c00-ec47-46dc-ad63-a8455052d5ca.pdf), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 3 dated 3 May 2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/9087be18-035c-4ecc-ad28-
7ca8db14c5a3.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 24 May 2023 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/76a3cff9-d9f2-413b-bd37-a07da913d912.pdf), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 1 August 2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202308/36dedeb7-d16a-40d9-8016-
6b351135a94a.pdf) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 dated 22 August 2023 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/9f1d433c-ace8-4a3f-9d50-fee13f95a881.pdf).  
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2021 Annual Report:  
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-65 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Fortieth and forty first  
page of the published 
CGMHI 2021 Annual 
Report 
2. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Management 
Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-34 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2022 Annual Report:

--- Page 148 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
116 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-65 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Thirty seventh and thirty 
eighth  page of the 
published CGMHI 2022 
Annual Report 
4. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Management 
Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-31 
5. 
Unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 
and for the six month period ended 30 June 2023, as set out in 
the CGMHI 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-41 
6. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 
2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Management 
Report"

--- Page 149 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
117 
 
A. 
Management Report 
1-30 
7. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2022 and 
2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2022 Form 10-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
138-139 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
142-143 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-313 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 
2022, 2021 and 2020 
132-135 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-
K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-23 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Institutional Clients Group and Global Consumer Banking 
12-22 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
163-164 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
195-204 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-22 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
24-40 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
41-54 
 
(iv) 
Sustainability and Other ESG Matters 
54-56

--- Page 150 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
118 
 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
122-128 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-159 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
298-304 
F. 
Risk Factors 
41-54 
G. 
Risk Management 
59-121 
H. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
322-326 
9. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 April 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on 
pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 31 March 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on 
pages 16-34 
10. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-206 
11. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-20 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-20

--- Page 151 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
119 
 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
71 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
101 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-123 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-20 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
77-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
87-88 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 25 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
196-197 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
34-76 
12. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 July 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on 
pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 June 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on 
pages 16-34 
13. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-209

--- Page 152 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
120 
 
14. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 
Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-21 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-21 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
71 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
100 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-122 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-21 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
77-86 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
95-96 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 26 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
207-208 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk  
35-76 
15. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and 
nine months ended 30 September 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 13 October 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on 
pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 September 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on 
pages 16-34

--- Page 153 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
121 
 
16. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94-95 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-211 
17. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 
Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-22 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
73 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
103 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
117-124 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-22 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
79-88 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
98-99

--- Page 154 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
122 
 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 26 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
209-210 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
37-78 
18. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2016 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
315-353 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
354-439 
19. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2017 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
333-371 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
372-602 
20. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2018 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
339-378 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
379-611 
21. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in January 2019 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
345-391 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
392-628 
22. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in July 2019 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
378-428 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
429-868 
23. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in May 2020 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus 
A. 
Section G.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
267-316

--- Page 155 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
123 
 
B. 
Section G.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
317-758 
24. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2020 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
298-357 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
358-806 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
807-989 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
990-1167 
25. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2021 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
307-366 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
367-838 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
839-1040 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1041-1237 
26. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2022 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
317-376 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities 
377-849 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
850-1052 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1053-1251 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Report on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2022, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, the Citigroup Inc. 
2023 Q3 Form 10-Q and the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K referred to above are and will be available 
to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov).

--- Page 156 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
124 
 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMHI Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts 
of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 157 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
125 
 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and/or filed with the Luxembourg 
supervisory authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the 
CSSF), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(A) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2021 (the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/a8dd2056-9158-413b-b90c-4ceec18de3f1.pdf); 
(B) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2022 (the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/ca165450-f1b3-440b-8427-42b88e010f58.pdf); 
(C) 
the interim financial report of CGMFL containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six month period ended 30 June 2023 (the CGMFL 2023 
Interim Financial Report) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202310/e02a176f-4516-4a58-ad42-
8a7c5e3e48a1.pdf); 
(D) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited non-consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual 
Report) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/6766aa1c-1b97-4c56-8681-9b1c6d62e67c.pdf); 
(E) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited non-consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual 
Report) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/41fc0778-3614-461f-954c-0c1f5e6aa140.pdf); 
(F) 
the interim report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its unaudited non-consolidated financial 
statements for the six month period ended 30 June 2023 (the CGMFL Guarantor 2023 Interim 
Report) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202311/1bd6a9ba-f110-436b-9b20-a816a4443d93.pdf); 
(G) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2022 filed 
with the SEC on 27 February 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K) (which is published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/53fb7ac0-42c5-420c-bf7f-c902c39506a2.pdf); 
(H) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 April 2023 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
31 March 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/9d720560-67a9-
4fcf-853b-3fe10e4caf2e.pdf); 
(I) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2023 
filed with the SEC on 5 May 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/43543d7a-4ebb-43ea-822e-a281dcb45e77.pdf); 
(J) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 July 2023 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 
2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202307/404300f9-1f2a-439c-9a92-
3297f14cd47c.pdf);

--- Page 158 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
126 
 
(K) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2023 filed with the SEC on 4 August 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/76032bf8-fe99-4de6-bdea-58ccb60f980f.pdf);  
(L) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 13 October 2023 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
30 September 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202310/739045b8-1539-
4465-a72c-12187c1c8cb1.pdf); 
(M) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2023 filed with the SEC on 3 November 2023 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 
10-Q) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202311/86f86801-53c4-4234-b342-036460d81a9f.pdf); 
(N) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2013 (the June 2013 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b3876042-ab12-4fa4-
a40e-792aa6370c9d.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 6 
August 2013 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_30edc11e-bd0c-4aca-9647-
59106ee9b0c3.PDF?v=1582015); 
(O) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2013 (the September 2013 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_3b1e4730-2841-
4293-96ca-088347d09c58.pdf);  
(P) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2014 (the September 2014 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6a488792-04a1-
4079-bbcc-770f136aab10.PDF?v=452015), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement 
No.1 dated 28 November 2014 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_e4eba409-e8d0-48d0-adc7-
c80d02c9972f.PDF?v=1582015) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 20 March 2015 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_6fe83588-0699-4e9e-8dad-
3572a77ca43f.PDF?v=1582015); 
(Q) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2015 (the September 2015 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d44d7aef-aa29-
405a-84e7-a22895ae5329.PDF?v=11112015);  
(R) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2016 (the February 2016 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c9098db9-d68b-
41be-8e7f-d2427d5b2110.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
15 March 2016 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_27d53627-6267-4d5f-966c-

--- Page 159 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
127 
 
bad013d4e7e6.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 16 May 2016 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5e66558b-b1dc-4a2f-9f1e-0f0d61bc273d.PDF) and a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No.6/7 dated 23 November 2016 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_1b67850a-f09e-47f7-b331-09b600a50559.PDF); 
(S) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2017 (the February 2017 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_338ce64b-fa39-
42db-81d4-5b98369f718e.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
16 March 2017 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_fccfd40b-2bb1-4d03-9bf6-78bd10e9ea24.PDF), 
a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 25 July 2017 (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Supplement_033b247e-2fb0-464d-af45-d6df0a3f61d4.PDF) 
and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 26 September 2017 (which is published on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_0a675935-df40-4c1a-9a73-7135cb685137.PDF); 
(T) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2018 (the February 2018 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e19922fc-a896-
490e-b8e3-e272d9680065.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
13 March 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_03c0ffdf-6e72-4968-93b2-02e6093050a1.PDF), 
a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 11 May 2018 (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_b18d877b-ebae-484e-956d-6c4608fd8ddb.PDF), 
a 
Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 30 July 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_472ee193-
ea45-4f80-9930-86d4e37bc33f.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 5 
September 2018 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_c29d9514-efa3-442a-969c-1c970e4cda26.pdf);  
(U) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2019 (the January 2019 
CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_fbd95b51-848d-4f21-8310-83cc41b7cef2.PDF), 
as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 11 March 2019 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f8c2dba2-b4f6-493f-9515-adc4c4ea39ca.PDF);  
(V) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the July 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_76049f0d-79f3-40f7-aee3-
548371562d8f.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 22 January 
2020 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a344ffbb-f07a-4447-a4e6-105afecd5721.PDF), a Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.7 dated 11 March 2020 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f7726694-
ac81-44d6-8c03-57ae6f953bba.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 24 April

--- Page 160 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
128 
 
2020 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_6ad4c24b-83ef-4a7a-a852-21845d189a9c.PDF); 
(W) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020 (the May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d30b1bc3-202c-4a25-
9a51-398e0e22fb3b.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 13 
October 2020 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_38d15591-ec55-41c8-8df2-49f268166394.PDF); 
(X) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 (the December 2020 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_509ac771-6bcb-
4b35-ad81-e31f9c8be268.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 
16 March 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/d2f87050-b898-4480-be15-7ef3537b49f7.PDF), 
a 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 27 April 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/498850de-e7fe-491c-8e44-
952f83516e04.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 20 May 2021 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202105/780fd4bd-0b97-465d-ae91-e16de46bac32.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 6 August 2021 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202108/aad4215b-2f90-4426-894d-
b728b5ab5589.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 15 October 2021 (which 
is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202110/5fed8821-404f-464b-b20f-38da134746a2.PDF); and 
(Y) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 (the December 2021 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202112/a5ab18e5-0230-4127-a455-
8f0d410d4938.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 1 dated 1 February 
2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/c08668ae-cd9b-4f8d-bc83-0b821bbbf96f.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 2 dated 16 March 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202209/bbbfe20b-2dca-48d8-acf3-
a543fd37d857.PDF ), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 5 May 2022 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/3d74c2d2-f12d-4b74-b841-2c9ca2568e1a.PDF), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 2 August 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202208/5039855d-efab-4b29-92f2-
87281891e44f.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 7 dated 16 September 2022 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/4a8b3f53-421e-4297-a7b2-486a221a762c.PDF) 
and 
a 
Base 
Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 18 October 2022 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202210/a1502955-e58e-43ee-aa57-
0a91c084ebfb.PDF); and 
(Z) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 (the December 2022 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-

--- Page 161 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
129 
 
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/0212e800-69fa-493f-a5fe-
b180a9c93447.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 2 dated 15 March 
2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/e8474c00-ec47-46dc-ad63-a8455052d5ca.pdf), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 3 dated 3 May 2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/9087be18-035c-4ecc-ad28-
7ca8db14c5a3.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 24 May 2023 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/76a3cff9-d9f2-413b-bd37-a07da913d912.pdf), a Base Prospectus 
Supplement No. 5 dated 1 August 2023 (which is published on https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202308/36dedeb7-d16a-40d9-8016-
6b351135a94a.pdf) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 6 dated 22 August 2023 (which is 
published 
on 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/9f1d433c-ace8-4a3f-9d50-fee13f95a881.pdf).  
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or 
the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMFL. Holders of Securities issued by 
CGMFL are subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse 
to Citigroup Inc. or any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor to make payments on their respective obligations as they become due. 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-54 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S. 
à r.l.) 
Fourteenth to 
nineteenth pages of 
the published 
CGMFL 2021 
Annual Report 
2. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Financial Position 
1 
B. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-53 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S. 
à r.l.) 
Fifteenth to 
twentieth pages of 
the published

--- Page 162 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
130 
 
CGMFL 2022 
Annual Report 
3. 
Unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements of CGMFL as of and for the six 
month period ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the CGMFL 2023 Interim Financial 
Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Condensed Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Condensed Interim Balance Sheet 
2 
C. 
Condensed Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Condensed Interim Cash Flow Statement 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
5-25 
4. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
29 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
30 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
31 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
32 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
33 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
34-108 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of CGML 
25-28 
5. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
27 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
28 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
29 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
30 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
31 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
32-106 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of CGML 
23-26 
6. 
The unaudited interim financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2023: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Interim Income Statement 
8

--- Page 163 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
131 
 
B. 
Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
9 
C. 
Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
10 
D. 
Interim Balance Sheet 
11 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
12 
F. 
Notes to the Interim Financial Statements  
13-37 
7. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2022 and 
2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2022 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
138-139 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
142-143 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-313 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020 
132-135 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-
K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-23 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Institutional Clients Group and Global Consumer Banking 
12-22 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  
163-164 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
195-204 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
4-22 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
24-40 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
41-54

--- Page 164 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
132 
 
 
(iv) 
Sustainability and Other ESG Matters 
54-56 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
122-128 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-159 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
298-304 
F. 
Risk Factors 
41-54 
G. 
Risk Management 
59-121 
H. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
322-326 
9. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 April 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-34 
10. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-206 
11. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 
10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-20 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-20 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
71 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
101

--- Page 165 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
133 
 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-123 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-20 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking 
Statements 
77-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
87-88 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 25 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
196-197 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
34-76 
12. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 July 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-34 
13. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-209 
14. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 
Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-21

--- Page 166 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
134 
 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-21 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
71 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
100 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
115-122 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-21 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking 
Statements 
77-86 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
95-96 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 26 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
207-208 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
35-76 
15. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and 
nine months ended 30 September 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 13 October 2023, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2023. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-34 
16. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2023, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94-95 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97

--- Page 167 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
135 
 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-211 
17. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 
Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-22 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
73 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
103 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
117-124 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-22 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking 
Statements 
79-88 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
98-99 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 26 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
209-210 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
37-78 
18. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in June 2013 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-195 
19. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2013 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 168 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
136 
 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-271 
20. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2014 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
273-304 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
305-524 
21. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2015 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
288-320 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
321-404 
22. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2016 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
315-353 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
354-439 
23. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2017 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
333-371 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
372-602 
24. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2018 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
339-378 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
379-611 
25. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in January 2019 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
345-391 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
392-628 
26. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in July 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 169 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
137 
 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
378-428 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
429-868 
C. 
Section F.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms  
869-1048 
D. 
Section F.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1049-1221 
27. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
A. 
Section G.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
267-316 
B. 
Section G.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
317-758 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
759-942 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
943-1117 
28. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
298-357 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
358-806 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
807-989 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
990-1167 
29. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2021 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
307-366 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
367-838 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
839-1040 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1041-1237 
30. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in December 2022 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section G.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
317-376 
B. 
Section G.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
377-849 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
850-1052 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1053-1251

--- Page 170 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
138 
 
The financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the United Kingdom. These financials are also 
fully compliant with the International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union 
based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2022, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, the Citigroup Inc. 
2023 Q3 Form 10-Q and the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K referred to above are and will be available 
to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMFL Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts 
of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 171 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
139 
 
SECTION D.4 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
1. 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. 
and the latest quarterly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. 
may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents 
during normal business hours so long as any of the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. is 
outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying 
Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Securities issued by CGMHI is 
outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated financial statements 
of CGMFL and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited non-consolidated report and financial 
statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Securities issued by 
CGMFL is outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated 
financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half–yearly interim unaudited non-
consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the specified 
offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Securities issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Each of the above documents 
will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com and on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
2. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and, in respect of 
Securities listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, for as long as the Securities are so listed, 
copies of the following documents will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Citigroup Inc., at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Compiled%20COI%20and%20by%20laws%20of
%20Citigroup%20Inc._ea4d4037-22fc-4fef-9db9-c588a9d0f052.pdf;  
(ii) 
the 
Restated 
Certificate 
of 
Incorporation 
and 
By-Laws 
of 
CGMHI, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf;  
(iii) 
the articles of incorporation of CGMFL, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202111/2588dd3e-d68e-4490-a8d7-
1d26d06cafec.pdf; 
(iv) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGML%20Articles%20of%20Association_21fa09
2b-f7c7-488d-a700-4e1cbcd3fe44.pdf;  
(v) 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as amended or supplemented, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202111/bdd98d0c-bbe1-463d-
b073-a303f6625510.pdf; and 
(vi) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as amended or supplemented, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202111/7cfbf067-6cfb-4717-
9bc5-f81f9173323e.pdf. 
3. 
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements 
to this Base Prospectus will be, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com (ii) electronic copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus are available on the websites specified in relation to each such document in the 
sections "Documents incorporated by reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", 
"Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "Documents 
incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus" above, as applicable, and (iii) 
electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus by any 
supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document in the 
relevant supplement.

--- Page 172 ---
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
140 
 
SECTION D.5 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may 
be will while the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus is valid in respect of Securities which are to be offered to the public and/or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Securities, prepare a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, or publish a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Securities.  
Investors should note that a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus may be published during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of a Non-exempt Offer in the EEA. In such circumstances, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Securities under such Non-exempt Offer and before the date the new Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus is published may have 
the right to withdraw their acceptances within the time period set out in such new Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be.  
Such new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus 
will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 173 ---
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
141 
 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR

--- Page 174 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
142 
 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
Citigroup Inc. (Citi, the Company, or Citigroup) is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focussed, range of financial products and services. Citigroup Inc. has approximately 200 million 
customer accounts and does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. is a bank 
holding company within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered with, 
and subject to examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal 
Reserve). Some of Citi's subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by their respective 
federal and state authorities. At 31 December 2022, Citigroup Inc. had approximately 240,000 full-time 
employees worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.'s objects and purpose is to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the General Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in Article THIRD of Citi's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. As of 30 September 2023, Citigroup was managed pursuant to 
three operating segments: Institutional Clients Group (ICG), Personal Banking and Wealth Management 
(PBWM) and Legacy Franchises. Activities not assigned to the operating segments are included in 
Corporate/Other. Its businesses conduct their activities across the North America, Latin America, Asia 
and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. Citigroup's principal subsidiaries are Citibank, N.A., 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Grupo Financiero Banamex, S.A. de C.V., each of which is a wholly 
owned, indirect subsidiary of Citigroup.  
Planned Revision to Operating Model and Financial Reporting Structure of Citigroup Inc. 
As part of Citigroup Inc.'s overall simplification, Citigroup Inc. previously disclosed on 13 September 
2023 that as of the fourth quarter of 2023 it will be making changes to its operating model to simplify 
the company and further align its organizational structure with its business strategy. Citigroup Inc.'s new 
operating model includes the elimination of the ICG, PBWM and Legacy Franchises operating segments 
and will result in five new reportable operating segments—Services, Markets, Banking, Wealth and U.S. 
Personal Banking—and a new financial reporting structure, effective as of the end of the fourth quarter 
of 2023. Activities not assigned to the reportable operating segments will be included in a new All Other 
category, which will consist of Legacy Franchises and Corporate/Other. 
Citi will also consolidate its regional structure from four to two regions, consisting of North America 
and a newly created international group. Citi expects to incur charges through the first half of 2024 as 
additional phases of its overall simplification initiatives are finalized and implemented. For additional 
information on expenses, see "Executive Summary—Expenses" in Citigroup Inc.'s Q3 Form 10-Q. 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual 
preferred stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances. 
Citigroup Inc. and Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can 
only pay dividends if they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state bank regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States. 
Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries may be party to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay 
dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes that none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on 
the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect Citigroup Inc.'s ability to service its own debt. 
Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital levels of a bank holding company, and must submit 
a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, to which the Federal Reserve does not 
object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
A bank holding company is required by law to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for 
its subsidiary banks. As a result, the Federal Reserve may require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to 
its subsidiary banks even if doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders 
or creditors, reducing the amount of funds available to meet its obligations. 
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and 
its telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. Citigroup Inc. was established as a corporation 
incorporated in Delaware on 8 March 1988 (under its original name of Commercial Credit Group, Inc.),

--- Page 175 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
143 
 
registered at the Delaware Division of Corporations with perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware 
General Corporation Law with registration number 2154254. 
Citigroup Inc.'s authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million 
shares of preferred stock. As at 31 December 2022, there were 1,936,986,425 fully paid common stock 
shares outstanding and 759,800 fully paid preferred shares outstanding. A common stock share carries 
one vote, and no pre-emptive or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A preferred stock share 
carries no general voting rights. 
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup 
Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Citigroup Inc. is 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. 
U.S. GSIBs are required to maintain minimum levels of total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) and 
eligible long term debt (LTD), each set by reference to the GSIB's consolidated risk-weighted assets 
(RWA) and total leverage exposure. The intended purpose of the requirements is to facilitate the orderly 
resolution of U.S. GSIBs under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act. For 
additional information, including Citigroup's TLAC and LTD amounts and ratios, see "Capital 
Resources—Current Regulatory Capital Standards" and "Managing Global Risk— Liquidity Risk—Total 
Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to 
periodically submit a plan for Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code in the event of material financial distress or failure . On 22 November 2022, the Federal Reserve 
and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the eight U.S. Global 
Systemically Important Banks (GSIBs), including Citigroup Inc. The Federal Reserve and FDIC 
identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s 2021 resolution plan regarding data 
integrity and data quality management issues. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 December 2019, 
Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on 
a biennial cycle. Citigroup Inc.'s 2023 resolution plan submission, which was filed on 1 July 2023, was 
a full resolution plan. For additional information on Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan submissions, see 
"Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s preferred "single point of entry" resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the 
parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities (as 
defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve’s 
and FDIC’s websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. 
Citigroup Inc. believes its resolution plan has been designed to minimise the risk of systemic impact to 
the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximising the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit 
of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors, including the holders of the Securities being offered by this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, in line with the Federal Reserve's final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed 
the resolution plan so that Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors – including the holders 
of the Securities being offered by this Base Prospectus – bear any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc.’s 
bankruptcy. Accordingly, any value realised by holders of the Securities being offered by this Base 
Prospectus may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed to such debt holders in the event of a 
bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup Inc. Claims of holders of the Securities offered 
by this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup Inc. would have a junior position to the 
claims of creditors of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) 
and secured creditors of Citigroup Inc. Accordingly, in a resolution of Citigroup Inc. under Chapter 11 
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of the Securities offered by this Base Prospectus and other debt 
securities of Citigroup Inc. would realise value only to the extent available to Citigroup Inc. as a 
shareholder of its subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of Citigroup 
Inc. have been fully repaid. If Citigroup Inc. were to enter into a resolution, none of Citigroup Inc., the 
Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow Citigroup Inc.'s preferred resolution strategy under 
its resolution plan.

--- Page 176 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
144 
 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following 
actions:   
(i) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s operating material 
legal entities; 
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support Agreement); 
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
• 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid 
assets and inter-affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp 
became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal 
entities; 
• 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near-term cash needs;  
• 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(iv) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as 
the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement. 
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc.. 
In addition to Citigroup Inc.'s required resolution plan under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act, Title II of 
the Dodd-Frank Act grants the FDIC the authority, under certain circumstances, to resolve systemically 
important financial institutions, including Citigroup Inc.  This resolution authority is commonly referred 
to as the FDIC's "orderly liquidation authority".  Under the FDIC's stated preferred "single point of entry" 
strategy for such resolution, the bank holding company (Citigroup Inc.) would be placed in receivership; 
the unsecured long-term debt and shareholders of the parent holding company would bear any losses; the 
FDIC would use its power to create a "bridge entity" for Citigroup Inc; transfer the systemically important 
and viable parts of its business, principally the stock of Citigroup Inc.'s main operating subsidiaries and 
any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity; and recapitalise the operating 
subsidiaries using assets of Citigroup Inc. that have been transferred to the bridge entity and exchange 
external debt claims against Citigroup Inc. for equity in the bridge entity. Under this Title II resolution 
strategy, the value of the stock of the bridge entity that would be redistributed to holders of the Securities 
offered by use of this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup Inc. may not be sufficient 
to repay all or part of the principal amount and interest on the Securities and those other securities.  Any 
of the Securities being offered by this Base Prospectus may be fully subordinated to interests held by the 
U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect 
to Citigroup Inc., including a proceeding under the "orderly liquidity authority" provisions of the Dodd-
Frank Act.  To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy and it 
is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution of Citigroup Inc. 
Under the regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its U.S. insured depository institutions. As a result of this regulatory policy, the 
Federal Reserve might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its U.S. insured depository 
institutions when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or 
creditors.

--- Page 177 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
145 
 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules promulgated by the FDIC 
and Federal Reserve to periodically submit a plan for the Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. On 22 November 
2022, the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the 
eight U.S. Global Systemically Important Banks (GSIBs), including Citigroup Inc. The Federal Reserve 
and FDIC identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s 2021 resolution plan 
regarding data integrity and data quality management issues. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 
December 2019, Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted 
resolution plan on a biennial cycle. Citigroup Inc.'s 2023 resolution plan submission, which was filed  on 
1 July 2023, was a full resolution plan. For additional information on Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan 
submissions, see "Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in Citigroup Inc.'s most 
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Citigroup Inc.'s preferred resolution strategy is "single point of 
entry" under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s preferred "single point of entry" resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the 
parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities, 
including CGMHI (as further defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be 
found on the Federal Reserve’s and FDIC’s websites) would remain operational and outside of any 
resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc. believes its resolution plan has been designed to 
minimise the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximising the 
value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in line with the 
Federal Reserve's final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed the resolution plan so that 
Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors bear any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. 
bankruptcy. 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following 
actions:   
(i) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s operating material 
legal entities, including CGMHI; 
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support Agreement);  
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
• 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid 
assets and inter-affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp 
became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal 
entities; 
• 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near-term cash needs;  
• 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(iv) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as 
the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one

--- Page 178 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
146 
 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc.. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution 
proceeding will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Securities issued by 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. Moreover, it will not constitute an event of default with respect 
to any series of Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. if the guarantee of the 
Securities by Citigroup Inc. (as CGMHI Guarantor) ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect for any reason, including by Citigroup Inc.'s insolvency or resolution. Should the Citigroup 
Inc. guarantee no longer be in effect, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. will become the sole 
obligor under its Securities, and there can be no assurance that it would be able to continue to meet its 
obligations under such Securities. 
In the event that Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. also enters bankruptcy, at the time of Citigroup 
Inc.'s bankruptcy filing or at a later time, you, as a holder of Securities issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. would be an unsecured creditor of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the Citigroup Inc. 
guarantee and, accordingly, you cannot be assured that the Citigroup Inc. guarantee would protect you 
against losses resulting from a default by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.

--- Page 179 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
147 
 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
John C. Dugan (Chair, Citigroup 
Inc.) 
 
- 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New 
York 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Stanford University Class of 1984 Senior 
Fellow, Hoover Institution Senior Fellow, 
Freeman Spogli Institute for International 
Studies 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co-Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, 
LLC 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
James S. Turley 
 
Former Chairman and CEO, Ernst & Young 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO, BMO Financial 
Corporation and Former U.S. Country Head of 
BMO Financial Group 
Renée J. James 
 
Founder, Chair and CEO, Ampere Computing 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and 
Analysis, U.S. Department of the Treasury 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank 
Supervision Policy and Chief National Bank 
Examiner, Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency (OCC) 
Barbara Desoer 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer, Citibank, N.A. 
Jane Fraser (Chief Executive 
Officer, Citigroup Inc.) 
 
- 
Casper Von Koskull 
 
Former CEO, Nordea Bank 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Peter Babej, Titilope Cole, Jane Fraser, Sunil Garg, Shahmir 
Khaliq, David Livingstone, Gonzalo Luchetti, Mark Mason, Brent McIntosh, Andrew Morton, Johnbull 
Okpara, Anand Selvakesari, Andy Sieg, Edward Skyler, Ernesto Torres Cantu, Zdenek Turek, Sara 
Wechter and Mike Whitaker. 
The business address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, United States of America. 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be 
material in the context of any issuance of Securities. 
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.'s board of directors are:

--- Page 180 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
148 
 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the 
integrity of Citigroup's consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of 
internal accounting and financial controls; (ii) the performance of the internal audit function (Internal 
Audit); (iii) the annual independent integrated audit of Citigroup's consolidated financial statements and 
effectiveness of Citigroup's internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the independent 
registered public accounting firm (Independent Auditors) and the evaluation of the Independent 
Auditors' qualifications, independence and performance; (iv) holding management accountable for the 
effectiveness of Citigroup's control environment and status of corrective actions, including the timely 
remediation of control breaks (including, without limitation, significant compliance or operational 
control breaks); (v) policy standards and guidelines for risk assessment and risk management; (vi) 
Citigroup's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including Citigroup's disclosure controls 
and procedures; and (vii) the fulfilment of the other responsibilities set out herein. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. 
Hennes, Renée J. James and James S. Turley. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight 
of Citigroup's risk management framework and risk culture, including the significant policies and 
practices used in managing credit, market (trading and non-trading), liquidity, strategic, operational, 
compliance, reputation and certain other risks, including those pertaining to capital management; and (ii) 
oversight of the performance of the Global Risk Review credit, capital and collateral review function. 
The members of the risk management committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, Barbara Desoer, 
John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, James S. Turley and Casper von Koskull. 
The compensation, performance management, and culture committee is responsible for determining 
the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and approving the compensation of other 
executive officers of the Company and members of Citi's Executive Management Team. The Committee 
is also responsible for approving the incentive compensation structure for other members of senior 
management and certain highly compensated employees (including discretionary incentive awards to 
covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory guidance), in accordance with guidelines 
established by the Committee from time to time. The Committee also has broad oversight over 
compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citi's incentive compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are Duncan P. Hennes, Peter B. Henry, 
Renée J. James, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Casper von Koskull. 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next 
annual meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; 
(iii) recommending to the Board directors for each committee for appointment by the Board; (iv) 
reviewing the Company's policies and programs that relate to public issues of significance to the 
Company and the public at large, including but not limited to Environmental, Social and Corporate 
Governance (ESG) matters; and (v) reviewing the Company's relationships with external constituencies 
and issues that impact the Company's reputation, and advising management as to its approach to each. 
The committee also has responsibility for reviewing political and charitable contributions made by 
Citigroup Inc. and the Citigroup Foundation, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s policies and practices regarding 
supplier diversity, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s business practices and reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s 
sustainability policies and programs, including environmental, climate change and human rights. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. 
Henry, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Casper von Koskull.  
The technology committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with 
respect to oversight of: (i) the planning and execution of Citigroup's technology strategy and operating 
plan; (ii) the development of Citi's target state operating model and architecture, including the 
incorporation of Global Business Services; (iii) technology-based risk management, including risk 
management framework, risk appetite and risk exposures of the Company, including Cyber Security; (iv) 
resource and talent planning of the Technology function; and (v) the Company's third-party management 
policies, practices and standards that relate to Technology.

--- Page 181 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
149 
 
The members of the technology committee are Barbara Desoer, S. Leslie Ireland, Renée J. James and 
Gary Reiner. 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Renée 
J. James, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley.  
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States 
of America. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is 
regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for 
each of the years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2022. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified 
opinion on such financial statements in its report dated 24 February 2023. 
Material Contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities 
issued by it or CGMHI (as the case may be).  
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Securities by Citigroup Inc. will be used for general corporate purposes, 
which may include capital contributions to its subsidiaries and/or the reduction or refinancings of 
borrowings of Citigroup Inc. or its subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. expects to incur additional indebtedness 
in the future. 
Securities may be issued by Citigroup Inc. as green bonds (Green Bonds) or Securities for which it is 
Citigroup Inc.'s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or 
refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds 
supports Citigroup Inc.'s sustainable progress strategy, as further described under the heading "Green 
Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event that the Securities are intended to constitute 
Green Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Securities are Green Bonds and will 
provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Securities as social bonds (Social Bonds) or Securities for which it is 
Citigroup Inc.'s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or 
refinancing in whole or in part of a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further 
described under the heading "Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment 
Considerations" above. In the event that the Securities are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Securities are Social Bonds and will provide any additional 
information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Securities as social finance bonds (Social Finance Bonds) or Securities 
for which it is Citigroup Inc.'s intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or 
refinance a portion of Social Finance Assets, as further described under the heading "Social Finance 
Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event that the 
Securities are intended to constitute Social Finance Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that 
the Securities are Social Finance Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the 
intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
issue and performance of the Securities. The update of the Programme and the issue of the Securities by 
Citigroup Inc. under the Programme was authorised by certificates of the Funding Approvers of

--- Page 182 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
150 
 
Citigroup Inc. dated 31 May 2023 and pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. 
dated 16 February 2023. The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a certificate of 
the Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc., dated 16 May 2023. 
Legal proceedings  
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 29 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 25 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 26 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 
26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither Citigroup Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is involved 
in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the 
twelve months before the date of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, nor, so far as 
Citigroup Inc. is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened.  
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup 
Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2023 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 
December 2022 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published audited annual financial statements).  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and 
its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2023 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 183 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
151 
 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-
service investment banking and securities brokerage business. As used in this description, CGMHI refers 
to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Institutional Clients Group business 
segment. 
CGMHI's parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi) is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi 
has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in nearly 160 countries and 
jurisdictions. 
As of 30 September 2023, Citigroup is managed pursuant to three operating segments: Institutional 
Clients Group, Personal Banking and Wealth Management and Legacy Franchises. Activities not 
assigned to the operating segments are included in Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone 
number +1(212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the 
successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc.. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc.. CGMHI's Federal Employee Identification Number (FEIN or EIN) issued by the 
US Internal Revenue Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMHI is 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31. 
Institutional Clients Group 
Institutional Clients Group (ICG) includes Services, Markets and Banking. ICG provides corporate, 
institutional and public sector clients around the world with a full range of wholesale banking products 
and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, 
derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, investment banking and 
advisory services, cash management, trade finance and securities services. ICG transacts with clients in 
both cash instruments and derivatives, including fixed income, foreign currency, equity and commodity 
products.  
ICG's revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. ICG earns 
fee income for assisting clients with transactional services and clearing and providing brokerage and 
investment banking services and other such activities. Such fees are recognised at the point in time when 
Citigroup's performance under the terms of a contractual arrangement is completed, which is typically at 
the trade/execution date or closing of a transaction. Revenue generated from these activities is recorded 
in Commissions and fees and Investment banking. Revenue is also generated from assets under custody 
and administration, which is recognised as/when the associated promised service is satisfied, which 
normally occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. 
Revenue generated from these activities is primarily recorded in Fiduciary fees. 
In addition, as a market maker, ICG facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet 
client demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These 
price differentials and the unrealised gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal 
transactions (for additional information on Principal transactions revenue, see Note 2 to CGMHI's 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2022 Annual Report and Note 2 to CGMHI's 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report). 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including 
market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence and other 
macroeconomic conditions. Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client 
activity levels or bid/offer spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market

--- Page 184 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
152 
 
conditions can significantly impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product 
inventory. For example, a decrease in market liquidity may increase bid/offer spreads, decrease client 
activity levels and widen credit spreads on product inventory positions. 
ICG's management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above 
factors at the trading desk as well as the country level. 
In the Markets businesses, client revenues are those revenues directly attributable to client transactions 
at the time of inception, including commissions, interest or fees earned. Client revenues do not include 
the results of client facilitation activities (e.g. holding product inventory in anticipation of client demand) 
or the results of certain economic hedging activities.  
For additional information on ICG's business activities, see "Institutional Clients Group" in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2022 Form 10-K. 
ICG's international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. 
At 30 September 2023, ICG had $1.7 trillion in assets and $782 billion in deposits. Securities services 
managed $23.0 trillion in assets under custody and administration at 30 September 2023, of which Citi 
provided both custody and administrative services to certain clients related to $1.8 trillion of such assets. 
Managed assets under trust were $4.1 trillion at 30 September 2023.  
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of 
America. To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations 
of the United States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was "formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the Business Corporation Law" of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of 
CGMHI's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI's authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value U.S.$0.01 and 10,000,000 
Preferred Stock of par value U.S.$1.00. CGMHI's issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is 
fully paid up and held by Citigroup Inc. No Preferred Stock has been issued. 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or 
resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other 
purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of 
Common Stock standing in his name on the books of CGMHI. At present, CGMHI has a single 
shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock. As such, the 
shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with respect to all matters submitted to a 
shareholder vote. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough 
shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Election of directors 
The directors of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
John D. Heppolette 
See below

--- Page 185 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
153 
 
Name 
Title 
Robert F. Klein 
See below 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
John Heppolette 
Chief Executive Officer/Chairman/President 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Charles Marquardt 
Controller 
Joseph Noto 
Treasurer 
Jason Mercado 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Marie Elena Almeida 
Assistant Secretary 
Katrina Basil 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Norma Castro 
Assistant Secretary 
Shannon Hales 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
James Myers 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Rachel Stine 
Assistant Secretary 
Christopher Teano 
Assistant Secretary 
 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Peter Battin 
Mark Mason 
Jason Mercado 
Joseph Noto 
Johnbull Okpara 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Elissa Steinberg 
Shawn Stolar

--- Page 186 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
154 
 
Michael Verdeschi 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant 
with respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 
10013, United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
of dividends to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the 
issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of 
the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may 
be declared by the board of directors. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre-emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any 
series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders 
of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common 
Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of CGMHI available for distribution. At present, no series of 
Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre-emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred Stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, 
and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time 
to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, 
preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
of such shares. 
Auditors  
CGMHI's annual accounts as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended 31 December 2022, 
2021 and 2020 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in the United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park 
Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. 
KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by 
the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Securities will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for 
general corporate purposes, which include making a profit.  
Securities may be issued by CGMHI as green bonds (Green Bonds) or Securities for which it is 
CGMHI's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of

--- Page 187 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
155 
 
Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports CGMHI's 
sustainable progress strategy, as further described under the heading "Green Bonds" in "Investment 
Considerations" above. In the event that the Securities are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Securities are Green Bonds and will provide any additional 
information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
CGMHI may also issue Securities as social bonds (Social Bonds) or Securities for which it is CGMHI's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing in whole or 
in part of a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under the 
heading "Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. In 
the event that the Securities are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify that the Securities are Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the 
intended use of proceeds thereof. 
CGMHI may also issue Securities as social finance bonds (Social Finance Bonds) or Securities for 
which it is CGMHI's intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance a 
portion of Social Finance Assets, as further described under the heading "Social Finance Bonds issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event that the Securities are 
intended to constitute Social Finance Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Securities 
are Social Finance Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of 
proceeds thereof. 
Material Contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by it.  
Corporate authorities 
The accession of CGMHI to the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors 
of CGMHI on 29 June 2018, as amended on 8 May 2020 and 24 June 2021, and the update of the 
Programme has been duly authorised by certificates of the Notes Committee of CGMHI dated 27 August 
2018, 14 December 2018, 29 March 2019, 9 July 2019, 8 May 2020, on or about 18 December 2020, 8 
July 2021, 3 September 2021, 24 November 2021, 10 June 2022 and 23 June 2023. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2022 Annual Report and Note 13 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report. For a discussion of 
Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in Notes 16 and 13 
(as specified above) are a part, see (i) Note 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, 
neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date of the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and 
its subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings pending or 
threatened.  
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial or trading position of CGMHI and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2023 (the date of the most recently published unaudited 
interim financial statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2022 (the date 
of the most recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI).

--- Page 188 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
156 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMHI and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 30 June 2023 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements 
of CGMHI) to the date of the CGMHI Base Prospectus.  
Planned Revision to Operating Model and Financial Reporting Structure of Citigroup Inc. 
As part of Citigroup Inc.'s overall simplification, Citigroup Inc. previously disclosed on 13 September 
2023 that as of the fourth quarter of 2023 it will be making changes to its operating model to simplify 
the company and further align its organizational structure with its business strategy. Citigroup Inc.'s new 
operating model includes the elimination of the ICG, Personal Banking and Wealth Management 
(PBWM) and Legacy Franchises operating segments and will result in five new reportable operating 
segments—Services, Markets, Banking, Wealth and U.S. Personal Banking—and a new financial 
reporting structure, effective as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2023. Activities not assigned to the 
reportable operating segments will be included in a new All Other category, which will consist of Legacy 
Franchises and Corporate/Other. 
Citi will also consolidate its regional structure from four to two regions, consisting of North America 
and a newly created international group. Citi expects to incur charges through the first half of 2024 as 
additional phases of its overall simplification initiatives are finalized and implemented. For additional 
information on expenses, see "Executive Summary—Expenses" in Citigroup Inc.'s Q3 Form 10-Q.

--- Page 189 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
157 
 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL) was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to 
time (the Companies Act 1915) for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. 
Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade 
and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 
169.199. CGMFL has been established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms 
of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities in the same group. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMFL is 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53. 
As of 12 December 2023, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million four hundred and twenty-
five Euro (EUR2,000,425) divided into: 
• 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1.) (action de commandité, the Unlimited 
Share) held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a private limited 
liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven thousand and five hundred 
Euro (EUR27,500) and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg 
under number B 169.149 (the Unlimited Shareholder);  
• 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, 
the Limited Shares) held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and (ii) 
by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML), a private limited company, incorporated under 
the laws of England and Wales, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, registration number 1763297 for one 
million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-eight (1,999,998) Limited 
Shares (the Limited Shareholders and together with the Unlimited Shareholder the 
Shareholders); and 
• 
four hundred twenty-five (425) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR 1.-) each held by CGML. 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of 
Managers (as defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, 
owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over 
Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL's registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is 
www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such 
website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The amended and restated articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL dated 13 January 2023, dated 17 
February 2023, dated 14 March 2023, dated 6 April 2023, dated 2 May 2023, dated 2 June 2023, dated 
26 June 2023, dated 28 July 2023, dated 24 August 2023, dated 22 September 2023 and dated 27 October 
2023 (the Articles) were published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 23 
March 2023, on 20 April 2023, on 3 July 2023, on 11 July 2023, on 21 August 2023, on 29 August 2023, 
on 31 August 2023, on 18 September 2023, on 16 October 2023, on 31 October 2023 and on 5 December 
2023. The Articles were further amended by a notarial deed dated 27 November 2023 and by notarial

--- Page 190 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
158 
 
deeds dated 12 December 2023, which were not yet published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés 
et Associations" as of 12 December 2023. 
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as 
manager (the Corporate Manager). 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited 
Shareholder being the Corporate Manager (the Board of Managers) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Ms. Alberta Brusi, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; 
• 
Mr. Vincent Mazzoli, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; 
• 
Ms. Milka Krasteva, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; and 
• 
Mr. Dimba Kier, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
Alberta Brusi is the Citi Country Officer (CCO) for Luxembourg. 
She joined Citi in December 1996, in the Italy Financial Control team. She was responsible for the Capital 
Markets business reporting and US legal entity regulatory reporting for Institutional Client Group (ICG). 
She transferred to Citi London in 2003 and was given the responsibility for ICG Finance oversight of 
Western Europe, comprising eighteen countries with responsibility as Controller for the Benelux 
franchises. In late 2005 she returned to Milan to become Chief of Staff to the Citi Country Officer for 
Italy. In 2012, she expanded her responsibilities and was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and 
Operations and Technology head for the country. 
Alberta Brusi has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classical Literature and a Bachelor of Commerce after 
degree, both from University of Alberta, and Edmonton Canada. 
Alberta Brusi was appointed as Manager on 10 September 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli has been with Citigroup for over 25 years and has had several responsibilities in 
Operations, Investor Services product, control and governance. He is a member of the Global Markets 
Issuance team within the Markets business. 
Vincent Mazzoli was appointed as Manager on 19 March 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli holds a degree and a master's degree in Finance and Banking from the University of 
Liège (Belgium). 
Milka Krasteva has been with Citi since 2007, and has held structuring and platform roles across the 
Equities, Multi-Asset and Commodities Markets businesses. She is currently a Director in the Global 
Markets Issuance team within the Markets business. Milka holds a First Class master's degree in 
Mathematics from Imperial College London.   
Milka Krasteva was appointed as Manager on 8 March 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi in 2020 and is the UK Treasurer, with responsibilities across Liquidity, Capital 
and Funding for UK entities. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi from Morgan Stanley where he spent 12 years across a number of functions 
within Corporate Treasury including for the last 6 years, where he held the role as EMEA Head of 
Liquidity. Dimba also spent 4 years at Goldman Sachs covering funding and liquidity in the Corporate 
Treasury function.

--- Page 191 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
159 
 
Dimba Kier was appointed as Manager on 17 May 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities 
performed by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans 
or other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to 
the same group (e.g. including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt 
instruments, advances, the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure 
the obligations of any entities, through derivatives or otherwise).  
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g. including 
but not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates 
and warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
(i) 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, and 
for the obligations of CGMFL; and 
(ii) 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, 
marketing agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration 
agreements and other contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, fiduciary 
agreements, hedging agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements and other 
financial derivative agreements, bank and cash administration agreements, liquidity facility 
agreements, credit insurance agreements and any agreements creating any kind of security 
interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial 
investments or operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its 
objects as well as all operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its 
purpose in all areas described above. 
CGMFL's Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which 
would constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under 
Luxembourg law without due authorisation under Luxembourg law. 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore 
competes in any market in which the Group has a presence.  
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 12 December 2023, CGMFL has a share capital of two million four hundred and twenty-five Euro 
(EUR 2,000,425), represented by two million four hundred and twenty-five (2,000,425) shares, divided 
into (i) one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited 
Shares, (ii) one (1) Unlimited Share and (iii) four hundred twenty-five (425) classes of limited preference 
shares (the Preference Shares), each having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1). 500,000 of the 
Limited Shares and the Unlimited Share have been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have been 
fully paid up, for an amount of five hundred forty thousand five hundred fifty-seven Euro and thirty cents 
(EUR 540,557.30).

--- Page 192 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
160 
 
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Shares: 
Subscription 
Price in Euro: 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
 
 
1 
 
0.25 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
1,999,998 
- 
- 
499,999.50 
 
- 
- 
425 
40,557.30 
Total Shares/Subscription Price 
1,999,999 
1 
425 
540,557.30 
Total Capitalisation: 
EUR 2,000,425 
 
 
 
 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100,000) represented by a 
maximum of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR 1) each and which may be divided into different classes. As of 12 December 2023, ninety 
nine thousand four hundred five Euro (EUR 99,405) of such authorised capital remains available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d'entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL's approved statutory auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé) is KPMG Audit S.à r.l. (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative), incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, having its 
registered office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under 
number B 149 133 (KPMG Luxembourg), who has been re-appointed for a period of ten (10) years 
until the 2034 audit, by a resolution of the shareholders of CGMFL dated 28 November 2023. KPMG 
Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
CGMFL's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal 
year that started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012. 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed 
an unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report.  
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It 
is, therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were 
prepared in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance 
with the Articles and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
the Shareholders. 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL 
will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg. 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme, the Citi Warrant 
Programme or the Citi Regulation S Warrant Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material 
contracts other than in the ordinary course of its business.

--- Page 193 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
161 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Securities by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other 
forms of funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and 
may be used to finance CGMFL itself. 
Securities may be issued by CGMFL as green bonds (Green Bonds) or Securities for which it is 
CGMFL's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of 
Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports CGMFL's 
sustainable progress strategy, as further described under the heading "Green Bonds" in "Investment 
Considerations" above. In the event that the Securities are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Securities are Green Bonds and will provide any additional 
information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Securities by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the 
issuance of the Securities have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the 
Corporate Manager of CGMFL, among others, on 26 June 2013, 24 September 2013, 24 September 2014, 
25 September 2015, 16 December 2015, 3 February 2016, 14 June 2016, 16 December 2016, 18 January 
2017, 20 December 2017, 15 January 2018, 23 January 2019, 17 July 2019, 19 December 2019, 9 April 
2020, 8 May 2020, 7 December 2020, 11 December 2020, 1 April 2021, 14 October 2021, 17 November 
2021, 15 December 2021 and 24 November 2023. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 29 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 25 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 26 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 
26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGMFL is not involved in, or has not been involved in, 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the 
date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus, a significant effect on CGMFL's financial position or profitability, 
nor, so far as CGMFL is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened.  
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGMFL since 30 June 
2023 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) and (ii) no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGMFL since 31 December 2022 (the date of its 
most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMFL since 30 June 2023 (the 
date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus. 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML 
On 11 May 2017 CGML granted a guarantee (the form of which is set out in Section E.5 below) under 
which CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all sums payable by CGMFL in 
respect of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present or future, actual or 
contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with all the charges, commission, 
interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant liability (the All Monies 
Guarantee). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred debts under 
applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of CGML. 
While the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under 
its Securities, the All Monies Guarantee does not materially change the position of Securityholders as all 
obligations of CGMFL in connection with the Securities are already guaranteed by CGML under the 
existing CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not

--- Page 194 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
162 
 
affect in any way, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or CGML's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee. 
Planned Revision to Operating Model and Financial Reporting Structure of Citigroup Inc. 
As part of Citigroup Inc.'s overall simplification, Citigroup Inc. previously disclosed on 13 September 
2023 that as of the fourth quarter of 2023 it will be making changes to its operating model to simplify 
the company and further align its organizational structure with its business strategy. Citigroup Inc.'s new 
operating model includes the elimination of the ICG, Personal Banking and Wealth Management 
(PBWM) and Legacy Franchises operating segments and will result in five new reportable operating 
segments—Services, Markets, Banking, Wealth and U.S. Personal Banking—and a new financial 
reporting structure, effective as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2023. Activities not assigned to the 
reportable operating segments will be included in a new All Other category, which will consist of Legacy 
Franchises and Corporate/Other.  
Citi will also consolidate its regional structure from four to two regions, consisting of North America 
and a newly created international group. Citi expects to incur charges through the first half of 2024 as 
additional phases of its overall simplification initiatives are finalized and implemented. For additional 
information on expenses, see "Executive Summary—Expenses" in Citigroup Inc.'s Q3 Form 10-Q.

--- Page 195 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
163 
 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML) is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated 
in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and Wales 
including the Companies Act and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7986 4000. The 
registration number of CGML is 01763297 on the register maintained by Companies House. The website 
of CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information 
in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGML is XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
Position at CGML 
James David Kempster Bardrick 
Director (CEO) 
Peter Blair Henry 
Director 
Francisco Tobias Marin 
Director 
Amit Raja 
Director 
Iain Plunkett 
Director 
Deepak Jain 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
Director 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
Director 
Tiina Le-Seong Lee 
Director 
Evelin Ducsai 
Director 
Zoe Victoria Wimborne 
Director 
Casper Wilhelm Von Koskull 
Director 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between 
any duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other 
duties. There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are 
significant with respect to CGML. 
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as 
a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as 
providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is 
headquartered in London, and operates globally. CGML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority (PRA) and regulated by the PRA and Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). CGML is also a 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) registered swap dealer, and United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) registered security-based swap dealer and is considered a Risk-Taking 
Operating Material Legal Entity in Citi's Global Resolution Plan.

--- Page 196 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
164 
 
Corporate Governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England 
regarding corporate governance. 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders  
As at 30 June 2023, the fully paid up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$19,998,975,176 made up 
of 19,998,975,176 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each.  
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas 
Limited (100 per cent.) which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated 
group of shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly 
or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Auditor of CGML 
CGML's auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. 
KPMG LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG LLP are members of the UK's 
chartered accountants' professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants' Hall, Moorgate Place, 
London EC2R 6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 27 April 2022 and 25 
April 2023.  
Material Contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by CGMFL.  
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.  
Legal proceedings  
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 29 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 25 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 26 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 
26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGML is not involved in, or has not been involved in, any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date 
of the CGMFL Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGML 
nor, so far as CGML is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGML or CGML and its 
subsidiaries as a whole since 30 June 2023 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim 
financial statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGML 
or CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2022 (the date of its most recently published 
audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGML and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 30 June 2023 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) 
to the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 197 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
165 
 
SECTION E.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 May 2017 by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the 
Guarantor) in favour of each Beneficiary (as defined below). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As defined herein: 
Beneficiary means any person who is owed any sum or amount which is due and payable by 
CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability; 
CGMFL means Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.; 
Liabilities means all the liabilities of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present 
or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with 
all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the 
relevant liability; and 
Taxes includes all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, deductions 
charges, fees and withholdings, in each case as imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom, together with interest thereon and penalties with respect thereto (if any). 
Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Headings are for 
convenience of reference only. 
2. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way 
of deed poll to each Beneficiary that if, for any reason, CGMFL does not pay any sum payable 
by it to such Beneficiary under or in respect of any Liability including any premium or any other 
amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under the 
foregoing as and when the same shall become due and payable under any of the foregoing, the 
Guarantor will duly and promptly pay to such Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary 
the sum or the amount payable by CGMFL to or for such Beneficiary. 
3. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR 
Without affecting CGMFL's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Deed of 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will 
not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver 
or consent at any time given to CGMFL or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Liability 
or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on 
CGMFL or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any 
Liability or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, 
guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of 
CGMFL or any other person, (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in 
any provision of any Liability or any of CGMFL's obligations under or in respect of a Liability 
or (h) any other act, event or omission which but for this sub-Clause might operate to discharge, 
impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein or 
any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them by this 
Deed of Guarantee or by law). 
4. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are irrevocable and are and will 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security in respect of any outstanding 
Liabilities. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Beneficiary,

--- Page 198 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
166 
 
whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and 
demands whatsoever. 
5. 
REPAYMENT TO CGMFL 
If any payment or amount received by a Beneficiary is, on the subsequent liquidation or 
insolvency of CGMFL, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such 
payment will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor 
and this Deed of Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or amount had at all times 
remained owing by CGMFL. 
6. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees 
that any sum amount expressed to be payable by CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability 
but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to CGMFL, the 
Guarantor or any Beneficiary) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee 
will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary subject as provided herein. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this 
Deed of Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Beneficiary. 
7. 
STATUS OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of each Beneficiary from 
time to time and for the time being, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Deed 
of Guarantee against the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the Guarantor under this Deed 
of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
8. 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONAL 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall 
be conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Guarantor or any 
other person on the Guarantor's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating 
to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar laws of general application for the time being 
in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from 
the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred PROVIDED 
THAT such recovery is not contrary to any law applicable thereto. 
9. 
NO PRIOR ACTION REQUIRED 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies 
conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of CGMFL; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against CGMFL; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of CGMFL, 
and the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of 
dishonour in respect of each Liability. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF GUARANTOR'S RIGHTS 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums and or amounts are or may be owed by CGMFL 
under or in respect of the Liabilities or CGMFL is under any other actual or contingent

--- Page 199 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
167 
 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of CGMFL's obligations under or in 
respect of the Liabilities; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the 
Liabilities by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against CGMFL in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee shall be 
made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of all Taxes. All Taxes in respect 
of this Deed of Guarantee and payments thereunder shall be for the account of and shall be paid 
by the Guarantor for its own account prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto. If the 
Guarantor is compelled by law to make payment subject to any Tax and a Beneficiary does not 
actually receive for its own benefit on the due date the full amount provided for hereunder, the 
Guarantor will pay all necessary additional amounts to ensure receipt by the Beneficiary of the 
full amount so provided for. The Guarantor will indemnify each Beneficiary in respect of all 
such Taxes. 
12. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Beneficiary that it has all 
corporate power, and that it has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to 
execute, deliver and perform this Deed of Guarantee, and that this Deed of Guarantee constitutes 
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
13. 
NO SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM 
All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee will be calculated and 
be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
14. 
PRODUCTION OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of, and the 
right of every Beneficiary to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Deed 
of Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it 
contained herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Beneficiary, and 
that each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the 
Guarantor. 
15. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest 
and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with 
the execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary 
against any claim, demand, action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without 
limitation, legal fees and any applicable value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising 
out of or in relation to any failure to pay or delay in paying any of the same. 
16. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision thereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

--- Page 200 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
168 
 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in 
writing (by letter) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, El4 5LB 
England 
Attention: Company Secretary 
or to such other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor 
has notified to the Beneficiaries. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 17 shall be 
effective upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the 
place of the Guarantor or after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 
a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
this Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
19. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Deed of Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
JURISDICTION 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating 
to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 201 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
169 
 
IN WITNESS whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed of Guarantee to be duly executed on the day 
and year first above mentioned. 
Executed as a deed 
by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
acting by 
) 
) 
) 
acting under the authority of that 
company, in the presence of: 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 202 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
170 
 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 FORM 10-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs). For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 
Form 10-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 10-K 
Form 10-K Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, Reconciliation and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations and financial 
condition excluding the divestiture-
related impacts 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations and financial 
condition excluding the divestiture-
related 
impacts 
provides 
a 
meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
broader 
results 
and 
Legacy 
Franchises’ results for investors, 
industry analysts and others. 
Pages 3, 4 and 5. 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information, as they 
are used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Footnote 2 on page 9, pages 40, 
170 and 326.  
Tangible Common Equity and 
Return 
on 
Average 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Footnote 2 on page 9, pages 9, 40, 
96, 98, 170 and 326. 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of gains/ (losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gain/(loss) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Page 15. Footnote 2 on page 14.

--- Page 203 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
171 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2023 Q1 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K contains the additional alternative performance measures (APMs) 
as shown in the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Total ICG revenues – including 
taxable-equivalent adjustment 
Citi's 
total 
ICG 
revenues 
– 
including 
taxable-equivalent 
adjustment 
are 
non-GAAP 
financial measures. Citi believes 
the presentation of its total ICG 
revenues – including taxable-
equivalent adjustment provides a 
more meaningful depiction for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.2, on page 6

--- Page 204 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
172 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2023 Q3 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K contains the additional alternative performance measures (APMs) 
as shown in the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
marks 
(Investment 
Banking 
revenues) 
Investment 
Banking 
revenues 
excluding 
marks 
represents 
reported 
Investment 
Banking 
revenues in each period, excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
realised 
and 
unrealised losses primarily related 
to loan commitments. Investment 
Banking revenues in 3Q22 includes 
a larger amount of such marks 
while the marks in 3Q23 was 
minimal. Therefore, if including the 
marks (GAAP), the YOY increase 
in IB revenue was 34% and if 
excluding the marks, the YOY 
increase would have been 17%, 
which we believe provides a more 
meaningful comparison between 
the two periods.  
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding 
marks provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, on page 15

--- Page 205 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
173 
 
SECTION E.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2021 ANNUAL 
REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with 
financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of 
why use of APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained 
in 
the 
Strategic 
Report) 
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2020 
Annual 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 206 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
174 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2022 ANNUAL 
REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 
Annual Report contains the additional alternative performance measures (APMs) as shown in the table 
below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with 
financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" 
and 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2021 
Annual 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 207 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
175 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2023 INTERIM 
REPORT) 
The CGMFL Guarantor 2023 Interim Report contains alternative performance measures (APMs). For 
further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a 
reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful 
information for investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting 
periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components of 
APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with 
financial 
statements 
Explanation of 
why 
use 
of 
APM provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2023 Interim Report: 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
(contained in 
the 
Interim 
Management 
Report) 
for 
the 
period 
ended 30 June 
2023  
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" in the 
Income 
Statement 
for 
the 
period 
ended 30 June 
2023  
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" in the 
Income 
Statement 
for 
the period ended 
30 June 2023  
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" in the 
Income 
Statement  
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal 
/ 
summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2022 
Interim 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 208 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES 
176 
 
SECTION F - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES

--- Page 209 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
177 
 
SECTION F.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities (other than 
Exempt Securities) to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on Euronext Dublin's global exchange market. Euronext Dublin's global exchange 
market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Exempt Securities to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro 
MTF Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has approved this Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro MTF Market. The Euro MTF Market is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application may also be made to the London Stock Exchange for Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the ISM but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to 
the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
ISM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ Stockholm AB, but there can be 
no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities or 
at all. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the MoT, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Securities or at all. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading (i) on the SeDeX and (ii) on EuroTLX but there can be no assurance that any such listing 
will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. SeDeX 
and EuroTLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading 
on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur 
on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
Application will be made for the Securities to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Vienna MTF, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on 
or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the AIAF and admitted to trading on the 
Spanish Stock Exchange, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or 
prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all.

--- Page 210 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
178 
 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted 
to trading on the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, but there can be no assurance that any such listing 
will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on SPECTRUM but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the 
date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, 
SPECTRUM is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and/or the Italian Stock Exchange and/or the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Securities have been accepted for clearance and settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 
10041, United States.  
The Issuer may make an application for any Securities issued by it in registered form to be 
accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Securities will 
be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
The Issuer may make an application for clearance of Securities through Euroclear Sweden, 
Euroclear Finland and Euroclear France. The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, the address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland 
Ltd., Visiting Address, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, PO Box 1110 00101 Helsinki, Finland and the 
address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris.  
4. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will provide any post-
issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc.: 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
6. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Guarantors is as follows: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (i.e. the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493 
Citigroup Inc. (i.e. the CGMHI Guarantor): 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
7. 
Information relating to the past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying(s) is 
available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, 
including the relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market or the 
Euro MTF. 
8. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is available 
from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the 
relevant Electronic Page, Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating 
Rate Option, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF.

--- Page 211 ---
ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
179 
 
SECTION F.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
Securities will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a Series). The Securities of each Series are 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series. 
Each Series of Securities may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) having different issue dates but the 
terms otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 212 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
180 
 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
The Securities may be Securities which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which 
pay a fixed amount on redemption, and/or securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on 
such securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more Underlyings. This section 
provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics which may have an 
effect on the return on the Securities. Investors should note that the product features and/or characteristics 
and their effect on the return on the Securities as described in this Section are not intended to be 
exhaustive. Investors should also read the risk factors set out in Section B above and the Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Securities may or may not be expressed to bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the 
Securities are expressed to bear interest, then amounts in respect of interest due under the Securities will 
be determined by reference to the applicable fixed rate amount, floating rate, CMS rate, inflation rate or 
performance amount rate (determined by reference to the relevant Underlying(s)) but, unless the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Events are applicable, 
whether interest is due or not shall not otherwise be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant rate(s), inflation index or Underlying(s).  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Event are 
applicable, then whether interest is due or not may be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s). The applicable Issue Terms may specify that, if an Interest Barrier Event does 
not occur in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, then no amount in respect of interest shall be 
paid on that Interest Payment Date.  
If the Interest Barrier Event provisions are applicable and, in accordance with their terms, interest is to 
be calculated in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest due on such Interest 
Payment Date will also be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) if 
Interim Performance Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
otherwise, the amount of interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be an amount determined by 
reference to the applicable fixed rate or amount, floating rate, CMS rate or inflation rate provisions set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition to the features described under "Barrier Events" below, an Interest Barrier Event will occur 
(a) if "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the 
relevant interest lock-in condition has been satisfied in respect of a prior Interest Payment Date (such 
that, once the relevant Interest Lock-in Level has been satisfied in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
then an Interest Barrier Event will occur in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date); and (b) if 
"Multi-Chance Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, only if an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred in respect of a specified minimum number of relevant Underlying(s) and in 
such circumstances the amount of interest due may then depend on the exact number of relevant 
Underlying(s) above such minimum number in respect of which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
for such Interest Payment Date; and (c) if "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, on each range accrual observation date during the relevant interest period and the amount 
of interest due will accrue in respect of each such date on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs; if an 
Interest Barrier Event occurs on no date during the relevant interest period, then no amount in respect of 
interest shall be due.  
If the Securities are specified as "Buy the Dip Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of 
interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s) as well as a fixed rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securities may, in addition to any amounts in respect of interest due as described above pay a Non-
Contingent Interest Amount on each Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date, but only if the Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If you invest in Securities to which an Interest Barrier Event applies, you should be aware that you may 
not receive any amount in respect of interest during the term of the Securities.

--- Page 213 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
181 
 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be 
redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms will become payable on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, provided that, where a 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall also 
pay the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. No further amount shall be payable 
in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to 
a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such Securities with an 
investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Early Exit MER Amount, as the case may be, and (if 
applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon irrespective of the price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) or any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will 
not benefit from any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period 
between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, Early Exit MER Amount 
(together with (if applicable) the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon) is a specified fixed amount and 
such amount is greater than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part 
of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Redemption amount or Entitlement due on the maturity date  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then a fixed redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security on the 
Maturity Date. Such amount shall not be linked to the performance of any Underlying. 
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall in 
all circumstances be linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall 
depend on whether a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and, if the provisions relating to 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event or the provisions relating to Redemption Lower Barrier Event are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a Redemption Upper Barrier Event or a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event respectively has occurred. The applicable Issue Terms will specify 
what constitutes a "Redemption Barrier Event" and any "Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or

--- Page 214 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
182 
 
"Redemption Lower Barrier Event". Such alternate amounts may either be expressed as being a fixed 
redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security or as being a redemption amount due or 
assets deliverable that is linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the redemption amount or assets deliverable at maturity is determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s), unless a scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified 
in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part of your investment. 
Features which determine amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of Securities linked to the 
performance of the Underlying(s)  
Where the Securities are linked to the performance of Underlying(s), then certain features of such 
Securities (as described below) may determine amounts due or assets deliverable thereunder. 
Performance  
Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance and Final Performance may be 
determined in respect of one or more Underlyings as follows: 
• 
"single underlying observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the Underlying performance of a single Underlying for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation or depreciation in level of the relevant Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable 
where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that Underlying. 
• 
"best of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified highest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions 
apply are linked to such specified highest performing Underlying(s) only. Where the "Himalaya 
Interim Performance – European Observation" provisions apply, then once an Underlying has 
had the highest performance for any Interest Payment Date, such Underlying's performance 
shall be disregarded for each subsequent Interest Payment Date. 
• 
"worst of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified lowest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined in the applicable terms and conditions of 
the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are 
linked to such specified lowest performing Underlying(s) only and, for example where the "first 
lowest performance" applies, if one Underlying performs negatively, then any positive 
performance of all other Underlying(s) will be irrelevant in the determination of the applicable 
amount(s) due or assets deliverable.  
• 
"Himalaya interim performance – Asian observation" means that the relevant performance is 
calculated by reference to the arithmetic average of the performance of the Underlying having 
the highest performance for each relevant Valuation Date relating to the relevant payment date 
(assessed as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on each such relevant Valuation Date 
compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities) but PROVIDED THAT, once an Underlying 
has had the highest performance for any valuation date relating to that payment date, such 
Underlying's performance shall be disregarded for each subsequent Valuation Date relating to 
that payment date (but shall not be disregarded in respect of subsequent Interest Payment Dates). 
As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to any one Underlying(s) and 
positive performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly as a consistently high performing Underlying will only have its first-
occurring highest performance included in the calculation of the arithmetic average performance 
for the relevant payment date.

--- Page 215 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
183 
 
• 
"weighted basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the performance of a weighted basket of Underlying(s) (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the 
relevant strike date(s)) and multiplied by the weighting. As such, amounts due or assets 
deliverable are not directly linked to the performance of any one Underlying and positive 
performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly when the weighting attributed to such Underlying(s) having a 
negative performance is greater than that attributed to those Underlying(s) having a positive 
performance. Where "rainbow weighting" is applicable, the higher the weighting attributed to 
the relevant Underlying having the lowest performance for the relevant Valuation Date, the 
lower the Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Final 
Performance, as the case may be. 
• 
"outperformance" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to the 
difference in the performance of the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance 
A Underlyings and the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B 
Underlying. Therefore, the performance will be positive where the performance of the 
Outperformance A Underlyings is greater than the performance of the Underlying or 
Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B Underlying. In determining which Underlyings 
comprise each of the Outperformance A Underlyings and the Outperformance B Underlyings, 
any of the above observation provisions may apply, as further detailed in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
• 
"arithmetic mean underlying return" means that the relevant performance is calculated by 
reference to the arithmetic average of the underlying returns of a basket of Underlying(s). Each 
underlying return being assessed as the appreciation or depreciation in level of each such 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or a 
capped, floored, collared or fixed percentage (which may be zero) instead of such appreciation 
or depreciation for that Underlying, all as further detailed in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities. As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to the performance 
of any one specified Underlying. 
• 
"cliquet" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum or product of the re-setting performance of a single Underlying 
for each relevant Valuation Date relating to that payment date (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date compared with its value 
on the last relevant Valuation Date(s) or, if none, the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise 
determined as provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). If period 
performance provisions apply, then that sum or product of the re-setting performance of the 
Underlying shall be subtracted from the performance of the single Underlying for the period 
relating to the relevant payment date (such performance for the period being assessed as the 
appreciation or depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant last occurring Valuation 
Date relating to the payment date compared with its value on first occurring Valuation Date 
relating to that payment date or, if none, the strike date(s)) or vice versa. As such, amounts due 
or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that 
Underlying. 
You must ensure that you read and understand the relevant performance provisions in respect of the 
Securities as these will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and may impact the relevant 
amount or assets due in respect of the Securities.  
Barrier Events  
Whether a Barrier Event has occurred or not may be determined by reference (a) to one or more 
Underlying(s) and, in the case of each such Underlying, whether it is less than, less than or equal to, 
greater than, greater than or equal to or within specified barrier levels; (b) to specified dates only 
("European" observation) or during a period ("American" observation); (c) the aggregate interest 
amounts calculated by reference to the performance of such Underlying(s) and paid in respect of the 
Securities; and/or (d) to the performance of such Underlying(s) as detailed under Performance above, or 
by reference to the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) continuously observed or the

--- Page 216 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
184 
 
arithmetic average, highest or lowest of the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) 
observed on specified dates.  
You must ensure that you read and understand what constitutes each relevant Barrier Event in respect of 
the Securities as the relevant contingencies will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and 
may impact the relevant amount or assets due in respect of the Securities. 
Participation rates, caps, floors and collars applied to formulae  
Certain formulae for determining amounts due or assets deliverable under the Securities may be subject 
to one or a combination of the following features: 
• 
A maximum amount (a cap) 
• 
A minimum amount (a floor)  
• 
A maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
• 
An "absolute value" (meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, 
will be determined as if it were a positive number) 
• 
One or more participation rates  
• 
Addition or subtraction of a specified adjustment amount 
• 
An "fx performance" feature (meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account 
the performance or change in value of a specified fx rate from a specified initial valuation date 
to a specified final valuation date) 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the performance of 
the relevant Underlying(s) and the application of such features may result in the calculation being subject 
to a minimum and/or maximum amount or otherwise increasing or decreasing the amount that would 
otherwise have been calculated had no such feature(s) been applicable. Movements in the value of the 
relevant Underlying will be magnified where a participation rate applies and may therefore result in 
greater gains or losses than if no participation rate applied. Therefore, amounts due or assets deliverable 
in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of the relevant exchange rate and 
negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive performance of the relevant 
Underlying(s). 
Swaption provisions  
Where the Performance Linked Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the "Swaption" 
provisions, the value of the Annuity will go down as the value of the relevant underlying Rate goes up. 
In addition, you should note that, if the Annuity Factor is negative, the Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount will increase as the underlying Rate decreases or, if the Annuity Factor is positive, the 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount will decrease as the underlying Rate increases. Changes in 
market interest rates may therefore adversely affect the value of the relevant Securities.  
FX  
Where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a relevant Underlying 
is denominated in a currency other than the relevant Specified Currency of the Securities then values of 
such Underlying will be converted into the relevant Specified Currency. Such conversion may, as 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, be determined by referring to a cross rate 
(meaning that such conversion will be determined via the exchange rate of a third currency). Therefore, 
amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of 
the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s). 
Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
Credit Events

--- Page 217 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
185 
 
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events (Credit Events) have occurred in 
respect of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, 
borrowed money) and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, 
governing law). Whereas bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other 
Credit Events, such as failure to pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and 
only in the case of a restructuring credit event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of 
the Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, to occur. 
Depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the Reference Entity acts in a 
capacity other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may not be within the 
class of obligations that is relevant for purposes of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred. 
Investors should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only certain 
classes of its obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the classes 
of obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and 
independently evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and/or interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all losses incurred (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the payment of Contingent Interest only (and not any 
Non-Contingent Interest or principal) is contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the 
Reference Entity. Accordingly, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to the Reference Entity, this will not 
result in full or partial redemption of such Securities; however, such Securities will cease to accrue 
Contingent Interest (in full or in part) as detailed below. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) will cease from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" is 
applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will cease to 
accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or

--- Page 218 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
186 
 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted 
in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published 
or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting 
to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable, had occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise 
occurred and where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming 
that fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods 
and no liability will attach to the Issue for any such non-payment of interest.  
Interest  (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will otherwise continue 
to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to occur of any full redemption 
at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Non-Contingent Interest will also continue to be payable in full on the Securities. Where "Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.   
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event. Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has 
suffered an actual loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not 
obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity 
or its obligations. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a

--- Page 219 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
187 
 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes.  Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
Investors should note that a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date may result in a 
Credit Event being triggered under the Credit Linked Notes as the Credit Linked Notes have a "Credit 
Event Backstop Date", which is a look-back period of 60 calendar days from the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. Credit Linked Notes may also 
be exposed to Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date as the Credit Linked Notes have a similar "Successor Backstop Date", which is a look-back period 
of 90 calendar days prior to the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee (or, if applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the 
relevant succession) is applicable for purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors 
should note that a Credit Event or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could 
affect the relevant Credit Linked Notes. Where on or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in 
circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and 
has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of 
the assumption (such entity, a Universal Successor), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not 
apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions may occur but where issues 
are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not impact the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation Agent (where applicable).   
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
reference obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the Standard Reference Obligation or SRO)

--- Page 220 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
188 
 
when such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such publication any non-
standard reference obligation set out in the applicable Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be the reference 
obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference Obligation are 
contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by ISDA 
(www.isda.org or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof (the SRO Rules). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only be 
replaced by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain 
circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is 
redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial 
Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms and where Mod R or Mod Mod R applies, 
if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one year remaining maturity and a replacement 
Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity bucket, amongst others) after performing 
the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or one or more of their 
respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a substitution event occurs. The 
Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, if any. Where 
certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set out in the 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference 
obligation is redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts 
under the said obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, asset package delivery provisions may apply in respect of a 
Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a "Governmental Intervention" Credit 
Event has occurred or (ii) if "Restructuring" is an applicable Credit Event, a restructuring has occurred 
in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, and such restructuring does not 
constitute a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event. Asset package delivery options may also apply 
in respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package observable bond if Package 
Observable Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the sovereign, exist. Following a 
"Governmental Intervention" Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference obligation, in each case in 
respect of a Financial Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns subject to restructuring of a 
package observable bond, provided that there was an existing obligation of the Reference Entity which, 
immediately prior to the relevant event constituted a deliverable obligation (a "Prior Deliverable 
Obligation" in the case of a Financial Reference Entity and "Package Observable Bond" in the case of 
certain sovereigns), the assets which result from such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond can be used for purposes of redeeming the Credit Linked Notes (such redemption 
"Asset Package Delivery").   
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
that triggered redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign 
and "Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA or any 
other successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been 
converted into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in 
part (such that it becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to 
deliver, but in any event, there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding 
Principal Balance immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed 
to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation will be deemed 
to have been satisfied in full. For purposes of Asset Package Delivery, the asset package for any holder 
of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond will consist of all of the assets

--- Page 221 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
189 
 
in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with the Asset Package Credit Event. 
The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or retained by such a holder. If 
the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market conditions) or is not of the 
type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset shall be deemed to be 
an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the calculation agent by reference to an 
appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of 
such cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category 
(Bond and/or Loan) and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring remains a good deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical 
Redemption save that unlike in the case of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance 
will not be deemed to be such outstanding principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but 
will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, 
the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable obligations in order to meet the outstanding 
principal balance requirements for delivery. 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and M(M)R Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable 
obligations which qualify for inclusion on the Final List or for "Physical Redemption" must not only 
meet the specific deliverability obligation category or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of 
its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss suffered by an investor will depend on the recovery (expressed 
as a percentage) for the relevant deliverables. Longer dated obligations are subjected to lower recovery 
in comparison with the shorter dated obligations. Where the Calculation Agent determines in respect of 
an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred in certain circumstances, 
it may elect (in its sole and absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the 
Issuer in order for redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount being 
determined by reference to a "Parallel Auction" identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to 
accommodate "Auction Redemption". Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an 
investor will depend on the recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular 
"Parallel Auction".   
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, the amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the 
basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (available at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website)). In respect of specified obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an 
auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction 
process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the 
auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The 
administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the 
risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods.

--- Page 222 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
190 
 
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability 
criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible 
to accomplish under some circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified 
or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by 
the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or 
delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or 
permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which 
may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero).

--- Page 223 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
191 
 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting  
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are  met, being  (i) the Outstanding  Principal  Balance  of  an  obligation  is  not  reduced  or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and  the  principal  redemption  amount  or  principal  repayment  amount,  as  applicable.  
Further  details relating to determinations as to whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation in the context of exchanges 
are set out in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Securityholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
The Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package to pay cash instead to 
investors the asset market value" of any non delivered asset package converted if necessary, into the 
currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market value may be determined by the 
Calculation Agent based on any specialised valuation or methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a value obtained as though 
Cash Redemption were to apply on a Valuation Date selected by the Calculation Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to 
attempt to continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery 
is not completed in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances 
when the event affecting Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior 
to the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 224 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
192 
 
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria.  
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, 
any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which 
would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value 
that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the 
selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a particular 
determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred 
loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure 
to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by 
a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following 
a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset 
Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which 
it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a 
Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been

--- Page 225 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
193 
 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being 
materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Investors should note that Fixed Recovery Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly. 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur 
solely because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
or Issue Date or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their 
own investigation as to the existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the 
purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is 
within the contemplated objectives of the investor.  
Early redemption, merger event redemption and redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes) may be redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, 
or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, investors 
should note that the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution 
Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will 
pay to investors, as  holder of such Securities, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the 
Credit Linked Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or 
higher than the initial investment in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be 
substantially less than such initial investment. 
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an 
event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked

--- Page 226 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
194 
 
Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, payable to Securityholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the Risk Events) in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related 
directly to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference 
Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked

--- Page 227 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
195 
 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index CDS and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the Reference Entities included in the 
index underlying the index CDS (the component CDSs). Where the Issuer is the protection seller under 
the index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the 
combined positions reflects the difference (the skew) between the value of the index CDS and the 
aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction 
is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment 
Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due 
from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting.   
The value of an index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the index CDS 
the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) 
factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, inter alia, the difference between the pricing 
of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early, 
a termination payment would be determined in respect of the each constituent transaction within the 
relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result in 
an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Early 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Securityholders being reduced further if the Issuer is 
required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if 
the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Securityholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To 
the extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website).

--- Page 228 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
196 
 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
Subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Law 
Securities, the Securities of each Series will be in registered form. Registered Securities may be offered 
and sold either outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S) or, in the case of Registered Securities representing Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, within the United States to QIBs (as defined below) in reliance on Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). 
Securities that are not Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law Securities and are 
Registered Securities 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold in offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the 
United States, will be represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate (a Regulation 
S Global Registered Security Certificate). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered 
Security Certificate may not be offered, sold or transferred at any time in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) and such 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
Each Security Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. 
The Registered Securities representing Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, 
which may only be issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, may only be offered and sold in private 
transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A (QIBs). The Registered 
Securities representing Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Security Certificate (a Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate and, together with 
a Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate, the Global Registered Security Certificates), 
and beneficial interests in such Global Registered Security Certificates may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise transferred at any time except to a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its account or for 
the account of one or more QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Global Registered Security Certificates will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (DTC) for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or if the Global Registered 
Security Certificate is to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the NSS) a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper), as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Security Certificates will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of definitive Securities in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered Security Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Security 
Certificate is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Global Registered Security Certificate are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life 
as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Global Registered Security Certificate held under the NSS will be either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer 
described in such Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions. 
No Securities represented by a Combined Global Registered Note Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) will be issued under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 229 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
197 
 
Swedish Securities 
Swedish Securities will be issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw; lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the SFIA Act), other 
applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear 
Sweden. Swedish Securities will not be issued in definitive or global form. 
Swedish Securities will be registered in a register kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer (the 
Swedish Securities Register) and payments of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts on 
Swedish Securities will be made by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer to the persons registered 
as holders of such Swedish Securities in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking 
Day prior to the due date of the relevant payment. 
Finnish Securities 
Finnish Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry-form in accordance with 
the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations, (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä 
ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts, (Fin. 
laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) other applicable Finnish legislation and the rules, 
regulations and decisions applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. Finnish Securities will not 
be issued in definitive form. 
French Law Securities 
French Law Securities will be issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all times be 
in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. French Law Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued. The French Law Securities will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of 
an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) (the Euroclear France 
Accountholder); or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the 
Securityholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of 
a Euroclear France Accountholder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer 
or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books 
maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
if applicable). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Issue Terms and to the extent permitted by 
applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central securities depositary 
identification information of Securityholders of French Law Securities the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address 
of such Securityholders. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France), each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear France) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the 
case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a particular principal amount 
or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as to the 
principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI

--- Page 230 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
198 
 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the 
Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in respect of the 
Securities, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount or number 
of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Security 
Certificate, and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and such Securities except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published 
rules and procedures, any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners 
through participants. 
Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), as the 
case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described in this Base Prospectus. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared 
Securities only, Euroclear France)as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount or number of 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment made by the Issuer or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor to the holder of such Global 
Registered Security Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Securities will 
be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered Security Certificate in respect of each 
amount so paid. 
Exchanges 
Exchange of Global Registered Security Certificates 
A Global Registered Security Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Security Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An Exchange Event means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and 
is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Security Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee 
of the Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available; or  
(c) 
if the Global Registered Security Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository 
for the Securities and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is 
available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Registered Security Certificate in definitive form.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (c) above, Euroclear and/or

--- Page 231 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
199 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Global Registered Security Certificate may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (d) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange shall occur no later than 
10 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Security Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered Security Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Deed of Covenant 
Where any Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate and (a) the Global 
Registered Security Certificate (or any part of such Global Registered Security Certificate) has become 
due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Securities or the Maturity Date has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the holder of an interest in 
such Global Registered Security Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) on such date, or (b) 
following an Exchange Event, the Global Registered Security Certificate is not duly exchanged for 
Registered Security Certificates in definitive form by the date provided in the Global Registered Security 
Certificate, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date each holder of an interest in such Global 
Registered Security Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on, and subject to, the terms of the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant 
registered holder will have no further rights under the Global Registered Security Certificate (but without 
prejudice to the rights any person may have under the relevant Deed of Covenant). 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, Euroclear 
Sweden, Euroclear Finland and/or Euroclear France shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 232 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
200 
 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland 
or Euroclear France (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect.  
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy of such information, except 
that the Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as 
far as the Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, and any other party to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement or the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, as the case may be, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Securities 
held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of 
the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that its participants (Direct Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC 
also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such 
as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC). DTCC is the holding company for 
DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are 
registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries. Access to the 
DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (Indirect Participants and, together with Direct Participants, Participants). More 
information about DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the DTC 
Rules), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC 
Securities) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal, interest, termination 
or any other amounts due on DTC Securities. The DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Securities (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Securities, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be 
able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities.

--- Page 233 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
201 
 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each DTC Security (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct 
Participant's and Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation 
from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct 
Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co, or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration in the 
name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity 
of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be 
the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC 
Securities unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under 
its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. 
The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts the DTC Securities are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal, interest, termination or any other amounts due on the DTC Securities will be made to Cede & 
Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice 
is to credit Direct Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective 
holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal, interest, 
termination or any other amounts to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Securities for definitive Registered Securities, 
which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which 
will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Securities purchased or tendered, through 
its Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Securities by causing the 
Direct Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Securities, on DTC's records, to the 
relevant agent. The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Securities in connection with an optional 
tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Securities 
are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered 
DTC Securities to the relevant agent's DTC account.

--- Page 234 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
202 
 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Securities at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event 
that a successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Security certificates are required to be printed and 
delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Security certificates will be printed and delivered to 
DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate 
in DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Securities from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is authorised and regulated 
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a central securities 
depository within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012, the SFIA Act and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish Securities 
Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)). Swedish Securities will be issued in registered, uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden. No physical notes, certificates or other physical 
instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish 
Securities. All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge 
arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry 
registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries holders must establish a book-entry account 
through a credit institution or a securities firm acting as an account operator at Euroclear Sweden. More 
information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules and operating procedures can be found at its 
internet web site at http://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html.  
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland, a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies, is authorised and regulated as 
a central securities deposit within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Euroclear Finland holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its account holders. Euroclear Finland 
offers clearing and settlement of securities denominated in EUR through its systems. The systems support 
different types of securities, equities and interest-bearing cash instruments as well as the respective 
derivatives. Euroclear Finland does not act as a qualified intermediary. 
Euroclear France

--- Page 235 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
203 
 
Euroclear France is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is regulated by The Banque 
de France and the Autorité des Marchés financiers (AMF) and handles the full range of French 
government and corporate debt securities, global bonds, equities, warrants and investment funds. French 
Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all times be in book-
entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive 
form) will be issued in respect of the French Law Securities. All transactions relating to the French Law 
Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and 
redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect 
such entries holders must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
having an account at Euroclear France. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Securities represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such 
Global Registered Security Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry 
system, the respective principal amounts or number of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Global Registered Security Certificate to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. 
Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial 
interests in such a Global Registered Security Certificate will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate, the 
respective depositories of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in 
a Global Registered Security Certificate accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the 
interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in respect of a Global 
Registered Security Certificate accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the 
registered holder of such Security.  In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, 
payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent 
will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit 
directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Global Registered Security Certificate in the currency 
in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. 
dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any Agent. Payment of principal, 
premium, interest, termination or any other amounts, if any, on Securities to DTC is the responsibility of 
the Issuer. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Global Registered Security Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate within 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in this Base 
Prospectus. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities represented by a 
Global Registered Security Certificate to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Securities for Securities in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person 
having an interest in Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate accepted by DTC 
to pledge such Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to 
take action in respect of such Securities may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for

--- Page 236 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
204 
 
Securities in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Securities represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Securities may be 
impaired if the proposed transferee of such Securities is not eligible to hold such Securities through a 
Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Securities described 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between 
DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules 
and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant 
Global Registered Security Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Securities of such Series 
between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of French Cleared Securities of 
such Series between accountholders in Euroclear France will generally have a settlement date two 
business days after the trade date (T+2) in the case of transactions conducted on trading venues. The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of 
beneficial interests in Global Registered Security Certificates among participants and accountholders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France). However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of Citigroup Inc., 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Agents and any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of 
French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) or their Direct or Indirect Participants or 
accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will 
any of them have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Securities represented by Global Registered Security Certificates or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST)  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Securities will be accepted for settlement 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST). Following 
their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Securities may be delivered, held and settled 
in CREST by means of the creation of CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) representing the interests in 
the relevant Securities. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository Limited (the CREST 
Depository) to investors (CDI Holders) pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as 
subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the CREST Deed Poll) and will be governed by 
English law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or 
any other body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the CREST Nominee) 
in the relevant Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its 
users and participants (the CREST Manual), Securities held in global form by a common depositary 
may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be 
independent securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through 
CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and 
the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue 
CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Security, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect of such CDI. The CREST

--- Page 237 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
205 
 
Depository will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the 
relevant Securities on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the 
CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of the relevant Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL).  
Transfers of interests in Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Securities to 
the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Securities and if listed do not require a 
separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Securities represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST 
Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) 
and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) including the CREST Deed Poll (in the form 
contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as defined below)) executed by the CREST 
Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of Securities which are not represented 
by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service (the CREST International Settlement Links Service). The settlement of the CDIs by 
means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI 
Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Securities. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Securities and represent an indirect interest in such Securities. 
(b) 
The relevant Securities themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in 
such Securities) will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant 
Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the relevant Securities will be held through 
custodial and depository links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the 
relevant Securities or to interests in such Securities will depend on the rules of the clearing 
system in or through which the relevant Securities are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Securities cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of 
rights under the relevant Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders to the relevant Securities are represented by the 
entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds 
interests in the relevant Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the relevant Securities in the event 
of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the relevant 
Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible 
with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed 
Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of, or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 3 January 2018 as 
amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the CREST International 
Manual) and the CREST Rules dated 1 October 2018, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the CREST Rules) (which, in each case, form part of the 
CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer, the

--- Page 238 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
206 
 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the CREST Depository. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL), any Dealer, any distributor, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 239 ---
ERISA MATTERS 
207 
 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of "plan assets" of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to 
ERISA (ERISA Plans) and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans and other 
arrangements that are not subject to ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, Plans), and certain entities 
in which Plans invest, from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons who 
are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Code with 
respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain "look-
through" provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets 
of the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each 
of the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An 
"equity interest" is defined under the rule as any interest in an entity other than an instrument treated as 
indebtedness under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features. No assurance can be given 
that the Securities will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes. The look-through rule would 
not apply if the Securities or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under applicable rules. If a 
Plan were to acquire an interest in the Securities, and no exception to the look-through rule were to apply, 
the Issuer could be regarded as a plan asset entity and its assets and transactions could be attributed to 
the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having improperly delegated to the 
Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan's assets, and the transactions and holdings of the 
Issuer might result in violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans (Non-ERISA Arrangements) 
are not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar rules under other 
applicable laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Securities may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
or any party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser 
or subsequent transferee of the Securities or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by 
its purchase or holding of the Securities or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 240 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
208 
 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealership Agreement dated 
14 December 2023 (as further amended, supplemented and/or restated, the Dealership Agreement) 
between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, 
the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the Dealership Agreement), the Securities will be offered on 
a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Securities 
directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions directly to the 
public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Securities may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agent of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Securities issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising under 
the Securities Act. The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers and the 
Arranger or any of them by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor or, in relation to itself and Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, by any Dealer or the Arranger, at any time on giving not less than ten days' notice. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
Each purchaser of Securities or any beneficial interest therein, by its acquisition or acceptance thereof 
will be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are 
defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used in this Base Prospectus as defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S): 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold 
in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser is 
outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; or (ii) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that such purchaser is a "qualified institutional buyer" (a QIB), purchasing (or 
holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware 
that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(b) 
that the Securities and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, where 
the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction 
not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, 
and that the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below with respect to Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc., or CGMHI, and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(c) 
(i) in the case of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold 
in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser will 
not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any 
time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof; and (ii) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
such purchaser will not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein at any time other than to (1) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (2) a person it reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more 
QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction;

--- Page 241 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
209 
 
(d) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities or any 
beneficial interest in any such Security from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph 
(c) above; 
(e) 
that Notes offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificates, and that 
Securities offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Registered Security 
Certificates; 
(f) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan 
assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other 
arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules 
or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(g) 
that the Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificates, will bear a legend in substantially 
the following form:  
"[NEITHER]* THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* 
[HAS NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE 
OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY 
AT ANY TIME OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF OR 
(2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; (C) REPRESENTS THAT IT 
IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON 
BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT 
TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, 
AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE; AND (D) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. THE NOTES [, THE CGMHI 
DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT]*** DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND 
HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR 
FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS 
NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO 
REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER 
EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT 
ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN

--- Page 242 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
210 
 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO 
HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT 
THE CONSENT OF, BUT WITH NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT 
(EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND 
ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY 
NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(h) 
that the Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificates will bear a legend in substantially 
the following form:  
"[NEITHER]* THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* 
[NOR THE CGMFL DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [HAS NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR 
WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT 
AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS SUCH TERMS ARE USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT), OTHER THAN THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, AND PAYMENTS 
[AND/OR DELIVERIES]*** ON THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE MADE TO ANY U.S. 
PERSON OR ANY PERSON WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. CERTIFICATION OF NON-
U.S. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP MAY BE REQUIRED AS A CONDITION TO 
RECEIVING ANY PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES]*** ON THE SECURITIES. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS THAT IT 
IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES IS NOT MADE ON 
BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT 
TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, 
AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE. THE SECURITIES [THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [THE CGMFL 
DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT]*** DO NOT CONSTITUTE, 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY 
FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA), AND TRADING IN THE 
SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE 
RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS 
OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO 
DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS 
BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS AND THE 
SECURITIES ACT."; 
(i) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, if applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to 
be necessary to verify the accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the

--- Page 243 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
211 
 
applicable Issue Terms or otherwise and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated 
with the Dealers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision; and 
(j) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in principal amount and no Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting 
on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) in principal amount of Registered Securities. 
United States of America 
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Trading in the Securities has 
not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. No issue of Securities may be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs), 
each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States 
of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and any Entitlements to be delivered in respect of any Physical Delivery 
Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future 
delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. Terms used in this section 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it, its affiliates (if any) and any person acting on its or their 
behalf (i) have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities at any time within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
to persons it reasonably believes to be QIBs, each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and (ii) at or prior to confirmation of sale of Securities offered in reliance 
on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases such Securities from 
it a confirmation or other notice stating that such distributor, dealer or person is subject to the restrictions 
on offers and sales of such Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons that are set forth herein. 
An offer or sale of Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) at any time may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs 
pursuant to Rule 144A and each purchaser of such Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers are relying 
on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and 
one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB 
pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other Specified 
Currency). To the extent that Citigroup Inc. is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting

--- Page 244 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
212 
 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of 
Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI have agreed to furnish to holders of Notes offered 
and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon 
request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case 
may be, subscription of such Securities. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such 
Securities only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
CGMFL does not intend to issue, offer or sell any Securities within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person. 
European Economic Area 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented 
and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Securities 
in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), then in relation to each Member State of 
the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Member State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period or periods beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;

--- Page 245 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
213 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities; and  
• 
the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of 
the United Kingdom (as amended, the EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Securities in the 
United Kingdom for specified periods of time), then, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or

--- Page 246 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
214 
 
agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities 
to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities; and  
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom: additional restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any of 
Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of the CGMFL 
Guarantor, would not if the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, was not an authorised person, 
apply to the CGMFL Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Australia

--- Page 247 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
215 
 
This Base Prospectus has not been and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia) in relation to the Programme or the Securities has been, or 
will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) or the Australian 
Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited (ASX). 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, unless the applicable Issue 
Terms (or any other supplement to the Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of 
the Securities in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a 
person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to any Securities in Australia; 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure 
to be made to investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" for the purposes of 
Section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia 
(including, without limitation, the licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia); and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX or any 
other regulatory authority in Australia. 
The Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
of Australia or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia.  It is not required to, and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be 
required in a disclosure document or a product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia.  The Base Prospectus has not been prepared specifically for Australian investors and 
it: 
• 
may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars; 
• 
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or 
practices; 
• 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and 
• 
does not address Australian tax issues. 
Austria: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Securities may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market 
Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the 
commencement of the relevant offer of the Securities. 
The Kingdom of Bahrain

--- Page 248 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
216 
 
This Base Prospectus and the Securities that shall be offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus have not 
been approved or licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain (CBB), the Bahrain Bourse, the Ministry of 
Industry and Commerce (MOIC) or any other relevant licensing authorities in the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB, the Bahrain Bourse and the MOIC of the Kingdom of Bahrain takes no responsibility for the 
accuracy of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus or the performance of the 
Securities, nor shall they have any liability to any person, investor or otherwise for any loss or damage 
resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein. Each Dealer has represented 
and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Securities and this Base Prospectus is only intended for Accredited Investors as defined by the CBB and 
the Securities offered by way of private placement may only be offered in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). Each Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will not make any invitation to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain to subscribe to the 
Securities and this document will not be issued to, passed to, or made available to the public generally 
in the Kingdom of Bahrain. The CBB has not reviewed, nor has it approved this document or the 
marketing thereof in the Kingdom of Bahrain. The CBB is not and will not be responsible for the 
performance of the Securities. 
For this purpose, an Accredited Investor means investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars), excluding that person's principal place of 
residence; 
(b) 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars; or 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities 
or state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state 
pension fund). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as Accredited Investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
(a) 
The investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of 
transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) over the 
last 12 (twelve) month period; 
(b) 
The size of the investor’s financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; and/or 
(c) 
The investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a professional 
position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position 
was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of 
transactions or services that have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to 
the transactions or services envisaged). 
Belgium: additional restrictions 
In addition to the selling restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, 
please note that the Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and 
Markets Authority. Accordingly, investment instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on 
offerings to the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading 
on regulated markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the Prospectus Law)) that do not 
qualify as securities (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), including Securities that have a 
maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside 
the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to 
the public, as defined in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law.

--- Page 249 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
217 
 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specify "Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
and it will not offer or sell the Securities to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique), as amended from time to time, in Belgium. 
Brazil 
The Securities have not been and will not be issued or publicly placed, distributed, offered or negotiated 
in the Brazilian capital markets.  None of the relevant Issuer and, where CGMHI is the relevant Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and, where CGMFL is the relevant Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the issuance 
of any Securities have been or will be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários) (CVM).  Any public offering or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws 
and regulations, of Securities in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law No. 6,385, of 7 
December 1976, as amended, and Resolution No. 160 issued by CVM on 13 July 2022.  Documents 
relating to the offering of any Securities, as well as information contained therein, may not be supplied 
to the public in Brazil (as the offering of any such Securities is not a public offering of securities in 
Brazil), nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of Securities to the public in 
Brazil.  Therefore, each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as 
applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Federative Republic of Brazil except in 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Brazilian laws and 
regulations. 
British Virgin Islands 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus together with related Issue Terms (for purposes of this section 
"British Virgin Islands" only, the Offering Documents) does not constitute conducting "investment 
business" by the Issuer and an offer of the Securities shall not constitute an offer, invitation or solicitation 
to any member of the public in the British Virgin Islands for the purposes of the Securities and Investment 
Business Act 2010 of the British Virgin Islands, and the Offering Documents have not been registered 
with or approved by the Financial Services Commission or any other governmental or regulatory 
authority in the British Virgin Islands. Notwithstanding that Part II of the Securities and Investment 
Business Act, 2010 (SIBA) is not, as at the date of the Base Prospectus, in force, none of the Offering 
Documents shall be distributed to or received by any person in the British Virgin Islands if the 
distribution of any of the Offering Documents to or receipt of any of the Offering Documents by that 
person shall constitute an offer of the Securities to the public for the purposes of SIBA. 
Bulgaria: additional restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto in the Republic of Bulgaria and that it has not and will not distribute or make available 
the Base Prospectus or any Issue Term in relation thereto or any other offering or publicity material 
relating to the Securities (including roadshow materials and investor presentations) in the Republic of 
Bulgaria other than as provided in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above and in addition: 
(1) 
In addition to the exemptions under Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation the following 
exemptions will apply from the requirement that such Dealer may make an offer of Securities 
to the public in the Republic of Bulgaria following the publication of a prospectus in relation to 
Securities qualifying under the EU Prospectus Regulation: 
(a) 
pursuant to Article 89c of the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act at any time 
where the total consideration of each offer of Securities to the public is less than the 
monetary amount of EUR 8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where 
admission is requested to trading on a multilateral trading facility as defined in point (22) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MTF), and

--- Page 250 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
218 
 
(b) 
pursuant to Article 89d of the of the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act, at any 
time where the total consideration of each offer of Securities to the public is less than the 
monetary amount of EUR 8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where 
admission to trading on a regulated market or an MTF is not requested, subject to the 
approval and publication of a document for public offering by the Bulgarian Financial 
Supervision Commission. 
(2) 
No initial offering of Securities which qualify as bonds or other forms of securitised debt, is or 
will be made in the Republic of Bulgaria to more than 30 persons who are not institutional 
investors as listed in point (1) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, PROVIDED 
THAT  
(a) 
the Issuer is not a bank licensed in the Republic of Bulgaria, a bank from another Member 
State which provides services in the Republic of Bulgaria through a branch under the 
freedom of establishment or directly under the freedom to provide services or a branch 
of a bank from a third country which is licensed in the Republic of Bulgaria; 
(b) 
the issuance of Securities is one of the Issuer's main activities; and 
(c) 
the Issuer grants credits or provides other financial services by way of occupation,  
UNLESS it is an offer of such Securities to the public in the Republic of Bulgaria or admission to trading 
of such Securities on a regulated market in Bulgaria which is sought in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act. 
Chile 
The Securities issued under the Programme are subject to Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, 
dated 27 June 2012, as amended by Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 452, dated 22 February 2021, 
(CMF Rule 336), both issued by the Financial Markets Commission (Comisión para el Mercado 
Financiero) (the CMF). The Securities issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, by means of a "Public Offer", as defined under Law No. 18.045, as amended (the Chilean 
Securities Market Law) in Chile or to any resident in Chile, except as permitted by applicable Chilean 
law. The Securities will not be registered under the Chilean Securities Market Law with the CMF and, 
accordingly, the Securities may not and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in 
circumstances which do not and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law, and in compliance 
with CMF Rule 336, as amended. Pursuant to the Chilean Securities Market Law, a public offering of 
securities is an offering that is addressed to the general public or to certain specific categories or groups 
thereof.  Considering that the definition of public offering is quite broad, even an offering addressed to 
a small group of investors may be considered to be addressed to a certain specific category or group of 
the public and therefore be considered public under applicable law and, as such, subject to registration 
in Chile. However, pursuant to CMF Rule 336, the Securities issued under the Programme may be 
privately offered in Chile to certain "qualified investors", identified as such therein (which in turn are 
further described in Rule No. 216, dated 12 June 2008, of the CMF) and in compliance with regulations 
applicable to such investors. 
CMF Rule 336 requires the following information to be provided to prospective investors in Chile:  
1. 
The offer of the Securities is subject to CMF Rule 336, as amended. 
 
2. 
The subject matter of this offer are securities not registered with the Securities Registry 
(Registro de Valores), nor with the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) both kept by CMF. As a consequence, the Securities are not subject to the oversight 
of the CMF. 
3. 
Since the Securities are not registered in Chile, the Issuer is not obliged to provide publicly 
available information about the Securities in Chile.  
4. 
The Securities shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless registered with the relevant 
securities registry kept by the CMF. 
Colombia

--- Page 251 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
219 
 
The Securities cannot and will not be publicly offered in Colombia, but may be "promoted" (as such term 
is defined by Article 4.1.1.1.1. of Decree 2555 of 2010) to a determined, limited number of persons (less 
than 100) in Colombia by the authorised personnel of a firm authorised to execute "promotion" activities 
of foreign securities in Colombia. The Securities have not been and will not be registered on the 
Colombian National Registry of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) or 
before the Colombian Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the distribution of any documentation in regards to 
the Programme will not constitute a public offering of securities. 
Costa Rica 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Costa Rica's General Superintendency 
of Securities or SUGEVAL) (Superintendencia General de Valores) and, therefore, the Securities are 
not authorised for public offering in Costa Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, 
commercialised and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica. Documents relating to the offering of the 
Securities, as well as information contained therein, may not be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be 
used in connection with any public offering for subscription or sale of the Securities in Costa Rica. 
Czech Republic: additional restrictions 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has 
been taken in the Czech Republic (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech 
National Bank and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act 
of the Czech Republic No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended 
(the Capital Market Act))) for the purposes of the Securities to qualify as securities admitted to trading 
on the regulated market in the Czech Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act. 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, no 
offers or sales of the Securities may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering (veřejná 
nabídka) (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), except if in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Capital Market Act.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions 
of the Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended, the 
Act of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as 
amended or any other applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Securities and its offering 
in the Czech Republic. 
Republic of Cyprus: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities, except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the 
Prospectus Law) and the provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, cap.113 (as amended) and 
only if such offer falls  within the exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Securities other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the 
ISARM);  
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any "Investment Services", "Investment 
Activities" and "Non-Core Services" (as such terms are defined in the ISARM) in relation to the 
Securities or be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core 
Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus; 
(d) 
it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating to such Investment Services, 
Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of the ISARM and/or applicable 
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and

--- Page 252 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
220 
 
(e) 
it will not sell any Securities in breach of financial and economic sanctions imposed by the 
European Union pursuant to Regulation 833/2014 and 269/2014 as amended from time to time, 
and in particular, it will not sell any Securities denominated in an official currency of an EU 
Member State issued after 12 April 2022, to any Russian national or natural person residing in 
Russia or any legal person, entity or body established in Russia, with the exception of Russian 
nationals or natural persons residing in Russia having a temporary or permanent residence 
permit in a country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland. 
Denmark:  additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer, sell or deliver any Securities (i) directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering 
or as a private placement, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidation Act 
No. 2014 of 1 November 2021, as amended from time to time) and the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) to any retail investors (as defined in MiFID II) in Denmark, unless such offering is permitted pursuant 
to the applicable Issue Terms and any applicable provisions of the EU PRIIPs Regulation are complied 
with. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Securities to the public in Denmark means the 
communication in any form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the relevant Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
in Denmark to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Securities. 
Dominican Republic 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Market Law of the Dominican 
Republic (Ley del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana, No. 249-17 del 19 de diciembre de 
2017), as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, and including any regulations 
promulgated thereunder (the Dominican Securities Law). The Securities may only be offered or sold in 
the Dominican Republic pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Dominican 
Securities Law, and consequently the Securities have not been offered in any public manner in the 
Dominican Republic. Accordingly, any purchaser of the Securities acknowledges and understands that 
as the same will not be subject to registration before or the supervision of the Dominican Republic 
Securities Superintendence (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana) or 
any other authority in the Dominican Republic. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed 
(as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it will not offer or sell the Securities in the Dominican Republic, 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under Dominican laws and regulations. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered and will not 
offer the Securities to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) Rulebook as amended, issued for the purposes of 
DIFC Law No. 1 of 2012 (DIFC Markets Rules); and 
(b) 
made only to persons who are not individuals and meet the Professional Client criteria set out 
in the DIFC Markets Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt 
Offers. The DFSA has not approved this document nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Securities may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should conduct their own due diligence on the Securities.

--- Page 253 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
221 
 
If prospective purchasers do not understand the contents of this document, they should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
Ecuador 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market 
(Catastro Público del Mercado de Valores) nor the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de 
Valores de Quito or Guayaquil) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in Ecuador except through 
private transactions and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under book II of 
the Monetary and Financial Organic Code (Libro II del Código Orgánico Monetario y Financiero) or 
under its implementing regulations. 
El Salvador 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Stock Exchange of El Salvador (Bolsa 
de Valores de El Salvador) nor the Public Stock Exchange Registry of El Salvador's Financial System 
Superintendence (Registro Público Bursátil of the Superintendencia del Sistema Financiero de El 
Salvador) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as 
applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Republic of El Salvador except in circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Salvadoran laws and regulations. 
Finland: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, 
Securities, including Finnish Securities, issued under the Programme may not be marketed, offered or 
sold, or the Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly to any resident of the Republic of 
Finland or in the Republic of Finland, except pursuant to applicable Finnish laws and regulations. Unless 
the applicable Final Terms specify that a Non Exempt Offer of such Securities to the public is made in 
Finland or admission to trading on a regulated market is made in Finland, as referred to in the Finnish 
Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 14.12.2012/746, as amended) in accordance and 
compliance with the applicable Finnish laws and regulations, the Securities may not be marketed, offered 
or sold or the Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of 
Finland or in the Republic of Finland, other than to a limited number of pre-selected non-qualified 
investors not exceeding 149, to qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation or to be 
acquired for a consideration of at least EUR 100,000 per investor with regard to an offer or in 
denominations of at least EUR 100,000 in nominal or counter value. The Base Prospectus is strictly for 
private use by its recipients and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
The Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
Offer to the public not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non exempted 
from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France or an admission of Securities to 
trading on a regulated market in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus in 
relation to those Securities has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(AMF), on the date of such publication or, (ii) when a prospectus has been approved by 
the competent authority of another Member State of the EEA in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation No. 2017/1129, as amended, on the date of notification of such 
approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of the 
prospectus, all in accordance with Articles 3 and 12 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier (CMF) and 
the Règlement général of the AMF (RG AMF); or

--- Page 254 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
222 
 
(ii) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (Private 
placement) in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities in France only in 
circumstances that do constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the CMF and more 
particularly to (a) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2 1° of the CMF and Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and/or (b) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs), 
other than qualified investors, provided that such investors are acting for their own 
account, in accordance with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the CMF and/or (c) 
investors who acquire Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) per investor, for each separate offer in accordance with 
Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the CMF and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF and/or (d) 
Securities whose nominal amount or equivalent amounts is at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 3° of the CMF and 
Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
Guatemala 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Securities have been registered with the Guatemala's National 
Registry for the Supervision of the Commercialisation of Securities (Registro del Mercado de Valores y 
Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala) and, therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in 
Guatemala or through Guatemalan broker/dealers. 
The Securities are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and 
Guatemalan residents interested in acquiring the Securities must accept (preferably) in writing that they 
are the ones making the approach to purchase such Securities, and must do it through the services of 
broker dealers active in those markets, and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the 
Securities and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other 
Guatemalan Law or Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable 
to securities registered with the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply 
to the Securities or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell 
Securities publicly in the Republic of Guatemala. The Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de 
la Republica de Guatemala has not reviewed or approved the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may 
not be publicly distributed in Guatemala, nor shall any advertising of this Base Prospectus take place in 
the territory of the Republic of Guatemala. 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws. 
Honduras 
Neither the Issuers nor any Securities issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered 
with the Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and 
therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will comply with all applicable law and will not offer or 
sell Securities publicly in Honduras. The Honduran National Banking and Insurance Commission has 
not reviewed or approved the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in 
Honduras, nor shall any advertising of the Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of 
Honduras, nor through electronic means that are aimed specifically to people in the Honduran territory. 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that:

--- Page 255 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
223 
 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) where Securities are 
shares or debentures offered by a corporation incorporated outside Hong Kong only, to persons 
whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); 
or (ii) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or 
(iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined 
in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Ireland: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations, 2017 (as 
amended, the MiFiD II Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement 
for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of 
conduct made under the MiFiD II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the Companies Act), the Irish 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect 
to any Securities otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any rules and 
guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act;  
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to any Securities, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Securities, 
otherwise than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended). 
Israel 
This Base Prospectus does not constitutes a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law 5728-1968 (the 
Israeli Securities Law) and has not been filed with, or approved by, the Israeli Securities Authority. In 
Israel, the Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, Israeli investors who 
have confirmed in writing that they (a) qualify as one of the types of investors listed in the First 
Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law (Israeli Qualified Investors), and are aware of the implications 
of being classified as an investor of this type and agree thereto, and (b) are acquiring the Securities for

--- Page 256 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
224 
 
their own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, except, 
to the extent permitted under the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, for distribution or resale 
to Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that, it will not 
offer or sell Securities in the State of Israel other than to Israeli Qualified Investors.  
Italy: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, unless 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of 
the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and accordingly no 
Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Issue Terms) or of any other document relating to Securities be distributed in the Republic 
of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation 1129/2017 and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; 
or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian 
laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to Securities in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b)  above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); 
and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100-bis of the 
Financial Services Act) or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy 
(including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that the Base Prospectus is not for 
general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Securities have not been licensed for offering in Kuwait 
by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other applicable Kuwaiti government agency. The 
offering of the Securities in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, 
restricted in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended) together with the

--- Page 257 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
225 
 
various resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions and announcements issued pursuant thereto, 
or in connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature or type) and any other applicable law or regulation 
in the State of Kuwait. No private or public offering of the Securities is being made in Kuwait, and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Securities. will be concluded in Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation 
or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Securities in Kuwait. 
Mexico 
No Securities have been, or will be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities (Registro 
Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the CNBV) pursuant to the Mexican Securities Market Law 
(Ley del Mercado de Valores) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. Each Dealer has 
represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities publicly in 
the United Mexican States. The Securities may be offered and sold in Mexico by the Dealers, on a private 
placement basis, to investors that qualify as institutional and accredited investors, under the Mexican 
Securities Market Law and regulations thereunder. The CNBV has not reviewed or approved the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. 
Norway: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, non-
equity securities denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway, without 
the securities prior thereto having been registered with a central securities depositary licensed or 
recognised pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, cf. section 3-1 of the Central Securities 
Depositaries Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that (i) if relevant, the 
Securities will only be offered and sold in Norway in accordance with the provisions on marketing of 
structured products set out in section 16-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation of 9 December 2016 
no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Securities will only be sold in Norway to investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Securities.  
Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be 
deemed to constitute, any offer or sale of securities or investment products in the Sultanate of 
Oman or the inward marketing or promotion of securities or an attempt to do business, as a 
bank, an investment company or otherwise in the Sultanate of Oman other than in compliance 
with any laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman governing the issue, offering, promotion and 
sale of securities or investment products under the laws of the Sultanate of Oman; 
(b) 
the Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered as a prospectus 
with the Capital Market Authority of Oman, Central Bank of Oman pursuant to the Securities 
Law (RD 46/2022), and will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019); and 
(c) 
the Securities issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no 
invitation to subscribe for or to purchase the Securities has been or will be made, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed in 
Oman to any person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman to market non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with 
all applicable laws and regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the 
Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
This document is strictly private and confidential. This document is provided on an exclusive basis to 
the specifically intended recipient of such document, upon that person's request and initiative, and for 
the recipient's personal use only. It is being distributed to a limited number of sophisticated investors

--- Page 258 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
226 
 
upon their request and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient. It is not for 
general circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Any distribution of this document by the recipient to third parties in the Sultanate of Oman beyond the 
terms of this document is not authorised and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
Panama 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama. Accordingly (i) the Securities cannot be publicly offered or sold in Panama, except 
in transactions exempted from registration under the Securities Laws of Panama, (ii) the Superintendency 
of the Securities Market of Panama has not reviewed the information contained in the Base Prospectus, 
(iii) the Securities and any offer are not subject to the supervision of the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama and, (iv) the Securities do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the 
Securities Laws of Panama. 
Paraguay 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Paraguayan Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional de Valores) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Republic of Paraguay 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Paraguayan laws, 
regulations and market practices.  
Paraguayan investors must acknowledge that  
(a) 
any legal matter arising from an offer of Securities under the Base Prospectus shall not be 
submitted to any Paraguayan authority; 
(b) 
the Paraguayan Deposit Insurance legislation does not insure investments in the Securities;  
(c) 
the Paraguayan Central Bank, (Banco Central del Paraguay), the Paraguayan Securities 
Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendency (Superintendencia de Bancos) do 
not regulate the offering of the Securities or any obligations that may arise from such offering;  
(d) 
they may be subject to taxes under Paraguayan laws on the profits obtained from the Securities 
or the sale thereof; and  
(e) 
they are responsible to conduct an independent examination of the relevant offer, and to 
ascertain and assess the risks arising from or in connection with the investments in the 
Securities. 
Peru 
Securities issued under the Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Peru, provided that such 
offering is considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian 
securities law establishes that any particular offer may qualify as private, among others, if it is directed 
exclusively at institutional investors (as defined under Peruvian securities law and regulations). 
Accordingly, the Securities cannot be offered or sold in Peru except if (i) such Securities were previously 
registered with the Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores (Peru’s National Corporations and 
Securities Supervisory Commission or SMV) or listed with the Lima Stock Exchange, or (ii) such 
offering is considered a private offering under the Peruvian securities laws and regulations. The 
Securities will not be subject to a public offering in Peru.  
Therefore, neither the Base Prospectus nor any Securities have been or will be registered with nor 
approved by Peru's National Corporations and Securities Supervisory Commission (Superintendencia 
del Mercado de Valores) (SMV) or the Lima Stock Exchange (LSE).  
This Base Prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the Securities are being supplied 
to those Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such materials may not be distributed 
to any person or entity other than the intended recipients.

--- Page 259 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
227 
 
Peruvian institutional investors, as defined by Peruvian securities law and regulations, must rely on their 
own examination of the terms of the offering of the Securities to determine their ability to invest in them. 
No offer or invitation to subscribe for or sell the Securities or beneficial interests therein can be made in 
Peru except in compliance with the securities laws thereof. 
Peruvian residents may be taxed under Peruvian tax laws, on the profits obtained from the Securities or 
the sale thereof. Investors must independently evaluate the application of such taxes before purchasing 
the Securities. 
Poland: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority or 
any other competent Polish authority. Accordingly, Securities cannot be offered or sold in the Republic 
of Poland (Poland) by way of a Public Offer (as defined below) and/or be admitted to a regulated market 
in Poland (the Polish Admission), unless such Public Offer and/or the Polish Admission are carried out 
in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Act on Public Offering and on the Conditions 
Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to an Organised Trading System and Public 
Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable laws and regulations enacted under 
these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time.  
For the purpose of this provision, the term Public Offer means an 'offer of securities to the public' as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation, ie a communication to persons in any form and by any means, 
presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities. 
The conduct of a Public Offer in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such Public Offer 
requires an intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public Offers exempted from 
the prospectus obligation. In addition, the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Securities by residents 
of Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond the 
restrictions and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, 
including under foreign exchange regulations. 
Portugal: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Securities may only be distributed or placed or advertised in Portugal if all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements are met, including (if and as required) (i) the prior notification of a Key Information 
Document (KID) approved by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the CMVM), under the 
terms of Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 (PRIIPs Regulation), and any ancillary EU or Portuguese legislation or regulation, (ii) the 
subsequent publication of the KID on CMVM's website thereunder, and (iii) the approval by CMVM of 
the marketing materials (if any), under the applicable legal and regulatory framework. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, delivered or 
sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell, at any time, directly or indirectly, any Securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: 
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), and without undertaking any of the following activities:  
(i) 
advertising, roadshows or presentations within  Qatar to which a number of investors are 
invited (i.e. all such meetings should be on a one-to-one basis); 
(ii) 
accepting money (by check or cash) in Qatar to indicate the intention to invest in products 
or obtain services in Qatar; or 
(iii) 
Dealer signing or countersigning documents in Qatar; and

--- Page 260 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
228 
 
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
The Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, filed, reviewed, registered with or approved by 
the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the specific recipient only and must not be 
provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Romania: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority 
or any other competent Romanian authority. Accordingly, the Issuer and each Dealer have represented, 
warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell or deliver, any Securities in Romania in a solicitation to the public, and that sales of 
the Securities in Romania shall be effected in accordance with all Romanian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
For the cases when a valid passporting procedure to Romania in relation to the Base Prospectus has not 
been successfully enacted, the Issuer and each of the dealers have represented and agreed that they will 
not offer, sell or deliver any Securities or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Securities in Romania except for the cases when the Base Prospectus and any other 
documents relating to the Securities will be offered to the public in Romania only in compliance with the 
following cumulative conditions: 
(a) 
it is addressed only to investors who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of article 2 
letter e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in Romania, including the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the provisions of Law No. 24/2017 as regards Issuers of Financial Instruments and 
Market Operations, the provisions of Regulation No. 5/2018 on Issuers of Financial Instruments 
and Market Operations issued by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority, and any norms 
and decisions issued or approved by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority or any other 
competent Romanian authority, as well as with all applicable EU legislation. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not 
offered or sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any Securities (as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit 
of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence 
in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless 
and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law.  
Since neither the issuance of the Securities nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Securities has 
been registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the 
Securities are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not 
be sold or offered in the Russian Federation in any way other than to Russian "qualified investors" (as 
defined under Russian law) in a manner that does not constitute "advertisement", "placement" or "public 
circulation" (as defined under Russian law) of the Securities in the Russian Federation. 
Information set forth in the Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, 
to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Securities in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of 
any Russian person or entity.

--- Page 261 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
229 
 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Securities. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi 
Investor) who acquires any Securities pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Securities is 
a private placement under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" 
as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (CMA) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 
December 2017, as amended by CMA resolution number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the KSA 
Regulations), made through a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the 
CMA and following a notification to the  CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations.  
The Securities may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way 
of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that any offer of Securities made 
by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 
9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each offer of Securities shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Securities 
pursuant to a private placement under the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those securities to any 
person unless the offer or sale is made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity 
under the KSA Regulations. 
Singapore 
The Programme is not authorised under Section 286 of the SFA (as defined below) or recognised under 
Section 287 of the SFA by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Securities are not allowed to be 
offered to the retail public.  
The Base Prospectus is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and accordingly, statutory liability under 
the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, and the offeree should consider 
carefully whether the investment is suitable for them. The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Securities will be offered 
pursuant to exemptions under the SFA.  
Accordingly, the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may 
the Securities be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than pursuant to an exemption from the offering 
requirements under the SFA. 
Where the Securities are "securities" as defined in the SFA, this includes (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (b) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA 
and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore; or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed to or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or  more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 262 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
230 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Where the Securities are "units in a collective investment scheme" as defined in the SFA, the Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities 
be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 304 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 305(5) of 
the SFA) or to any person pursuant to section 305(2) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in section 305 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the 
SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 305(2) or in Section 305A(3)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 304A(2) or Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Where any underlying securities or units in a collective investment scheme (for purpose of this Singapore 
section only, the Underlyers) are to be delivered in connection with the Securities, such Underlyers may 
similarly only be offered in compliance with the SFA, pursuant to the relevant exemption described 
above. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities and 
Underlyers issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than

--- Page 263 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
231 
 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
Slovakia: additional restrictions 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the National Bank of Slovakia. No 
application has been filed nor has any permission been obtained for admission of Securities to trading on 
any regulated market in Slovakia as defined by Act No. 429/2002 Coll. on Stock Exchange, as amended.  
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities in Slovakia through a public 
offering, except if in strict compliance with all applicable provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Act No. 566/2001 Coll on Securities, as amended (the Slovak Securities Act) and 
other laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any guidelines issued by the National Bank of 
Slovakia, as they may be further amended or superseded from time to time; and 
(ii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all the laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any 
guidelines issued by the National Bank of Slovakia applicable to the conduct of business in 
Slovakia (including the laws applicable to the provision of investment services and investment 
activities within the meaning of the Slovak Securities Act) in respect of the Securities. 
Spain: additional restrictions 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, to the extent that the offer of 
Securities under the Programme shall be deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) or an admission to 
trading in Spain in accordance with the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de 
la Ley del Mercado de Valores) as amended and restated from time to time, the Royal Legislative Decree 
4/2015) and the Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November, partially developing Law 24/1988, of 28 July 
on admission to trading of Securities in official secondary markets, public offerings and prospectus (Real 
Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de 
julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en mercados 
secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos), 
(as amended and restated from time to time, the Royal Decree 1310/2005), the Securities may only be 
offered, sold (including any subsequent resale of Securities) or distributed by any such Dealer to the 
public in the Kingdom of Spain or admitted to trading in Spain in compliance with the requirements and 
provisions applicable to public offerings and admission to trading in Spain, including, the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 and the Royal Decree 1310/2005, as amended and 
restated from time to time, or any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as 
further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden: additional restrictions 
The Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of securities 
in Sweden. Accordingly, in addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European 
Economic Area" above, Securities issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold to the public 
in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other prospectus, circular, form 
of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, distributed, or otherwise made 
available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public

--- Page 264 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
232 
 
offer of securities to the public, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with the provisions of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and all other applicable legislation and regulation in Sweden. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and each other offeror will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other 
than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, if the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of any Securities published according to Article 64 FinSA specify "Swiss 
Non-exempt Offer" as applicable, in the "Swiss Offer Period" specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if consent has been granted to use the Base Prospectus (as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms) for a public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) 
FinSA; or 
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, 
and have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in Switzerland, the Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Securities, which shall not constitute a prospectus pursuant 
to FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer 
or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and 
as further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO). 
If Securities qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is 
understood under FinSA) are offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in 
Switzerland a key information document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für 
Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in respect of such Securities must be prepared and published. 
According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key information document is required for Securities that may only 
be acquired for private clients under an asset management agreement. Other than where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Applicable" 
other than with respect to the period(s) of time specified therein, with respect to such period(s), the 
Securities may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in 
Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of 
Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; 
or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. For these 
purposes "offer" refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
Taiwan 
The Securities have not been and will not be approved for sale in Taiwan.  The Securities are not 
permitted to be sold, offered or issued in Taiwan and are not permitted to be made available to Taiwan 
resident investors except (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) where 
applicable, through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to make Securities available to 
their customers under applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations; or (iii) as otherwise permitted by 
applicable Taiwan law and regulations. Each subscriber or purchaser of Securities must seek professional 
advice as to whether he/she/it is qualified to subscribe to or purchase Securities and, by purchase of the 
Securities each subscriber or purchaser will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that 
he/she/it is duly qualified to subscribe to or purchase Securities under applicable Taiwan laws and 
regulations. Purchasers/subscribers may be restricted or prohibited from re-selling Securities. 
Republic of Turkey 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person 
acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Securities (or any 
beneficial interest therein) in Turkey in any circumstances which would constitute an offer to the public

--- Page 265 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
233 
 
within the meaning of the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and the Capital Markets Board of Turkey (the 
CMB) Communiqué VII-128.4 on the Foreign Capital Markets Instruments, Depositary Receipts and 
Foreign Mutual Fund Units.  Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further 
Dealer will be required to further represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it nor any of its 
affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates has or will use any 
prospectus, or other offering material related to the offering in connection with any general offering to 
the public within Turkey for the purpose of offer or sale of the Securities without prior approval of the 
CMB of Turkey. Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding the protection of the value of 
the Turkish currency, residents of Turkey may purchase the Securities on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) 
basis, PROVIDED THAT (i) such Securities are traded in the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) 
such purchase is made through banks licensed by the Banking Regulation and Supervisory Agency and/or 
brokerage institutions licensed by the CMB in Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such 
Securities has been or will be transferred through such licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by 
it in the United Arab Emirates (the UAE) other than in compliance with any laws applicable in 
the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of Securities; 
(b) 
the offering of the Securities to be issued under the Programme has not been approved or 
licensed by the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority (the SCA), 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA), the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities in the UAE, and accordingly does not 
constitute an offer of securities for public subscription in the UAE in accordance with the 
commercial companies law, Federal Decree-Law No. 32 of 2021 (as amended), SCA Resolution 
No. 9 R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Mutual Funds (as amended), SCA Resolution 
No. 11 R.M. of 2016 Concerning the Regulation of Offering and Issuing Shares in Public Joint-
Stock Companies (as amended) or SCA Resolution No. 3 R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organisation of Promotion and Introductions (together, the SCA Resolutions) or otherwise. 
Accordingly, the Securities to be issued under the Programme may not be offered to the public 
in the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial Centre); and 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number 
of institutional and individual investors in the UAE: 
(i) 
who fall within the exceptions to the SCA Resolutions and who qualify as Qualified 
Investors as defined under the SCA Resolutions; 
(ii) 
upon their request and confirmation that they understand that the Securities have not 
been approved or licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the SCA, DFSA 
or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE; and 
(iii) 
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be 
reproduced. 
Uruguay 
Securities issued under the Programme are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay, but will only be 
placed relying on private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
None of the Issuers qualify as an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774, as amended. Each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that Securities placed in Uruguay 
will be placed relying on a private placement (oferta privada) pursuant to Section 2 of law 18,627.

--- Page 266 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
234 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the relevant Dealers. 
Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, 
as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Securities to which it relates 
or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or 
any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that 
purpose is required and has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and 
which will not impose any obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes 
this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and 
none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 267 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
235 
 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
GENERAL 
Purchasers of Securities may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each 
Security. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING SECURITIES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON 
THE STATUS OF THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER 
AND REGISTRATION TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE SECURITIES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO 
ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, do not accept 
responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. This statement should be read in conjunction with 
General Condition 9 (Taxation). 
References in this Section F.8 to a "Member State" shall be to a Member State of the EEA. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences that may be 
relevant to the ownership and disposition of Securities that are in registered form for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax 
consequences that may be relevant to the decision to purchase Securities by any particular investor, 
including tax consequences that arise from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain 
classes of taxpayers or that are generally believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary 
does not address the tax consequences to (i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. 
federal income tax law, such as banks, insurance companies, thrift institutions, regulated investment 
companies, real estate investment trusts, tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark 
to market for tax purposes and dealers in securities, (ii) persons that will hold the Securities as part of a 
"straddle", "conversion" or other integrated investment transaction or a constructive sale for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (iii) U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. 
dollar, (iv) Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) who recognise gain in respect of a Security in a taxable 
year in which the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, (v) persons that 
do not hold the Securities as capital assets, or (vi) except where the context indicates otherwise, persons 
that did not purchase the Securities for cash in the initial offering. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Accordingly, this 
summary does not address alternative minimum tax consequences, special tax accounting rules under 
Section 451(b) of the Code, or the Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax 
consequences of owning and disposing of Securities in light of their own particular circumstances. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of 
the Underlying that a beneficial owner may receive in respect of a Physical Delivery Security. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of the Underlying.

--- Page 268 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
236 
 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of any Shares, shares that underlie an Index 
or any other equity interest to which the Securities relate should be treated as a "passive foreign 
investment company" (PFIC) within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code or a "United States real 
property holding corporation" (USRPHC) within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code (including a 
non-corporate entity treated as a USRPHC for relevant purposes of Section 897 of the Code). If any 
relevant issuer were so treated, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply to a 
Non-U.S. Holder, in the case of a USRPHC, and to a U.S. Holder, in the case of a PFIC, upon the sale, 
exchange or other disposition of the Securities. If a U.S. Holder owns or is deemed to own an equity 
interest in a  PFIC for any taxable year, the U.S. Holder would generally be required to file IRS Form 
8621 with its annual U.S. federal income tax return for that year, subject to certain exceptions. Failure to 
timely file the form may extend the time for tax assessment by the IRS. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities are urged to refer to information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or another 
governmental authority by the relevant issuers and consult their tax advisors regarding the possible 
consequences if any relevant issuer is or becomes a USRPHC or PFIC. 
For the purposes hereof, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of the Securities that for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (iii) 
an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
The term Non-U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of the Securities that for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes is a non-resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust. 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
the Securities, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon 
the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Securities. 
Because the Issuer does not expect to issue (i) Preference Share Linked Securities, (ii) Securities with 
Target Redemption Barrier Event or (iii) certain Securities designated as "Non-U.S. Securities" (as 
discussed below) to U.S. Holders, the discussion below does not address the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to a U.S. Holder of purchasing, owning, and disposing of such Securities. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser is urged 
to read before making a decision to invest in the relevant Securities. 
Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders  
Securities Treated as Debt  
The following discussion applies only to Securities that the Issuer intends to treat as debt instruments for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, as evidenced by the statement under "United States Tax 
Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms (Debt Designated Securities). 
It generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as debt instruments, as well as 
any specific treatments indicated in the applicable Issue Terms (e.g., as variable rate debt instruments or 
contingent payment debt instruments, each as discussed below), are respected. The Issuer's intended 
treatment of the Securities is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which case 
the timing and character of a U.S. Holder's taxable income in respect of the Securities could be adversely 
affected. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors about the risk that the 
IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Securities. Please review the discussion under "—Possible 
Alternative Tax Treatment" regarding the risk of an alternate treatment of the Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "—Other 
U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible 
Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the Securities after such an event could 
differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no 
such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.

--- Page 269 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
237 
 
The general discussion below is subject to special rules applicable to Short-Term Securities, Contingent 
Securities and Foreign Currency Contingent Securities as described below. 
Interest Payments on Securities 
Payments of qualified stated interest, as defined below under "Original Issue Discount", will be taxable 
to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time that such payments are accrued or are received, 
in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. Instalment payments on Securities 
providing for instalment payments will not be taxable to a U.S. Holder to the extent such payments are 
attributable to the repayment of principal, but will reduce the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security, as 
discussed below. 
If such payments of interest are made in respect of a Security that is denominated in a single currency 
other than the U.S. dollar (for purposes of this discussion, a foreign currency), the amount of interest 
income realised by a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting (a cash-method holder) 
will be the U.S. dollar value of the currency payment based on the spot rate of exchange on the date of 
receipt regardless of whether the payment in fact is converted into U.S. dollars. No foreign currency gain 
or loss should be recognised by a cash-method holder with respect to the receipt of such payment (other 
than foreign currency gain or loss realised on the disposition of the currency received). In the case of a 
Security that provides for payments in U.S. dollars determined by reference to a single foreign currency, 
a cash-method holder generally should recognise interest income on the Security in an amount equal to 
the U.S. dollars received. Both types of Securities are referred to herein as "Foreign Currency Securities". 
A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of tax accounting (an accrual-method holder) will accrue 
interest income on a Foreign Currency Security in the relevant foreign currency and translate the amount 
accrued into U.S. dollars based on: 
• 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period, or portion thereof within 
the holder's taxable year; or 
• 
at the holder's election, at the spot rate of exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or 
the last day of the taxable year within the accrual period if the accrual period spans more than 
one taxable year, or (2) the date of receipt, if that date is within five business days of the last 
day of the accrual period. 
Such an election must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all foreign currency debt 
instruments from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. An accrual-method 
holder will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment made on a 
Foreign Currency Security if the spot rate of exchange on the date the payment is received differs from 
the rate applicable to a previous accrual of that interest income. Such foreign currency gain or loss will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss, but generally will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income 
received on the Security. 
Taxable Disposition of Securities 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security generally will equal the cost of that Security to the holder, 
increased by any amounts includible in income by the holder as original issue discount (OID) and market 
discount (each as described below) and reduced by any amortised premium and any payments on the 
Security other than payments of qualified stated interest (each as described below). 
In the case of a Foreign Currency Security, the cost of the Security to a U.S. Holder generally should be 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price on the date of purchase. In the case of a 
Foreign Currency Security that is traded on an established securities market, a U.S. Holder generally 
should determine the U.S. dollar value of the cost of the Security by translating the amount paid in foreign 
currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on the settlement date of the purchase, 
in the case of a cash-method holder, and (2) on the trade date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, 
unless the holder elects to use the spot rate applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an 
accrual-method holder must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments 
from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. The amount of any subsequent 
adjustments to a U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Security in respect of OID, market 
discount and premium will be determined in the manner described under "Original Issue Discount", 
"Market Discount" and "Securities Purchased at a Premium" below.

--- Page 270 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
238 
 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security (each, a taxable  
disposition), a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the 
amount realised on the taxable disposition, less any accrued qualified stated interest, which will be treated 
as a payment of interest and taxed in the manner described above under "Interest Payments on 
Securities", and (2) the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Security. 
If a U.S. Holder receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar in respect of the taxable disposition of a 
Foreign Currency Security, the amount realised generally should be the U.S. dollar value of the currency 
received calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the taxable disposition of the Security. In 
the case of a taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security that is traded on an established securities 
market, a U.S. Holder that receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar generally should determine the 
amount realised by translating that currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on 
the settlement date of the taxable disposition, in the case of a cash-method holder and (2) on the trade 
date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, unless the accrual-method holder elects to use the spot rate 
applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an accrual-method holder must be applied 
consistently by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments from year to year and can be changed 
only with the consent of the IRS. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security (other than a Short-
Term Security, Foreign Currency Security, Contingent Security, Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
or Market Discount Security, each as discussed below) generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if 
the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than one year at the time of the taxable disposition and 
short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to 
changes in exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held the Security. A U.S. Holder 
will also recognise ordinary income or loss upon the receipt of instalment payments that are attributable 
to principal equal to the gain or loss attributable to changes in exchange rates. A U.S. Holder might be 
required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign currency loss 
above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). 
Original Issue Discount 
Securities with a term greater than one year may be issued with OID for United States federal income 
tax purposes (such Securities, OID Securities). U.S. Holders generally must accrue OID in gross income 
over the term of an OID Security on a constant yield basis, regardless of their regular method of tax 
accounting. As a result, U.S. Holders may recognise taxable income in respect of an OID Security in 
advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such income. 
OID generally will arise if the stated redemption price at maturity of a Security exceeds its issue price 
by an amount equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to maturity. In the case of a Security providing for instalment 
payments (i.e., payments prior to maturity other than qualified stated interest), this test is generally 
applied based on the Security's weighted average maturity. OID may arise if a Security is issued at a 
discount to its principal amount, and may also arise if a Security has particular interest payment 
characteristics, such as interest holidays, interest payable in additional securities or stepped interest. For 
this purpose, the issue price of a Security is the first price at which a substantial amount of Securities of 
that issue is sold for cash, other than to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting 
in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity 
of a Security is the sum of all payments due under the Security other than payments of qualified stated 
interest. The term qualified stated interest generally means stated interest that is unconditionally payable 
in cash or property, other than debt instruments of the issuer, at least annually during the entire term of 
a Security at a single fixed rate of interest or, under particular conditions, based on one or more floating 
interest rates described below under "Variable Rate Debt Instruments". 
Under the OID rules, certain contingencies, including those that are remote, are disregarded for purposes 
of determining qualified stated interest on a Security. However, if a remote contingency actually occurs, 
the Security could be treated as retired and reissued with OID. Prospective purchasers of the Securities 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules.

--- Page 271 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
239 
 
For each taxable year of a U.S. Holder, the amount of OID that must be included in gross income in 
respect of an OID Security will be the sum of the daily portions of OID for each day during that taxable 
year or any portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the OID Security. Daily portions 
are determined by allocating to each day in an accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to 
that accrual period. Accrual periods may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of an 
OID Security. However, accrual periods may not be longer than one year, and each scheduled payment 
of principal or interest must occur on the first day or the final day of an accrual period. 
The amount of OID allocable to any accrual period generally will equal (1) the product of the OID 
Security's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period multiplied by its yield to maturity 
(as adjusted to take into account the length of the accrual period), less (2) the amount, if any, of qualified 
stated interest allocable to that accrual period. The adjusted issue price of an OID Security at the 
beginning of any accrual period will equal the issue price of the OID Security, as defined above, (1) 
increased by previously accrued OID from prior accrual periods, and (2) reduced by any payment made 
on the Security, other than payments of qualified stated interest, on or before the first day of the accrual 
period. 
The Securities may have special redemption, repayment or interest rate reset features, as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, that may affect whether a Security is an OID Security and, if so, the proper 
timing of recognition of the OID by a U.S. Holder. Securities containing such features may be subject to 
special rules that differ from the general rules discussed herein. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of 
Securities with such features should consult their tax advisors regarding these special rules. 
In the case of an OID Security that is also a Foreign Currency Security, a U.S. Holder should determine 
the U.S. dollar amount includible in income as OID for each accrual period by calculating the amount of 
OID allocable to that accrual period in the relevant foreign currency, using the constant-yield method 
described above and translating that amount into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate in effect 
during that accrual period (or a portion thereof), or, at the U.S. Holder's election, at the spot rate of 
exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or the last day of the taxable year within the accrual 
period if the accrual period spans more than one taxable year, or (2) on the date such OID is treated as 
paid (as described in the following paragraph), if that date is within five business days of the last day of 
the accrual period. Such an election must be applied consistently by the U.S. Holder to all Foreign 
Currency Securities from year to year and can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
Each payment on an OID Security that is a Foreign Currency Security, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest, generally will be viewed first as a payment of previously accrued OID to the extent 
thereof, with the payment attributed first to the earliest accrued OID, and then as a payment of principal. 
Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to OID, whether in connection with a payment of an amount 
that  is not qualified stated interest or the taxable disposition of the OID Security, a U.S. Holder will 
recognise foreign currency gain or loss that is ordinary income or loss measured by the difference 
between (1) the amount received and (2) the corresponding amount(s) previously accrued. The amount 
received will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt, in the case 
of a payment on the OID Security, or on the date of the taxable disposition of the OID Security. The 
corresponding amount(s) accrued will be determined by using the rate(s) of exchange applicable to such 
previous accrual(s). Upon a taxable disposition of the Security, the amount of foreign currency income 
or loss recognised will be limited by the overall amount of gain or loss recognised on the taxable 
disposition. 
A U.S. Holder that purchases an OID Security for an amount less than or equal to the remaining 
redemption amount (as defined below), but in excess of the OID Security's adjusted issue price, generally 
is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction. The numerator of this fraction is the 
acquisition premium (as defined below) and the denominator of the fraction is the excess of the remaining 
redemption amount over the OID Security's adjusted issue price. For the purposes of this section, 
acquisition premium means the excess of the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in an OID Security over 
the OID Security's adjusted issue price and remaining redemption amount means the sum of all amounts 
payable on an OID Security after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest. In 
the case of a Foreign Currency Security, the rules described in this paragraph are applied using units of 
the relevant foreign currency.

--- Page 272 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
240 
 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Certain Securities may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as variable rate debt instruments 
(VRDIs). Prospective purchasers should note that other Securities providing for variable rates of interest 
are treated not as VRDIs but as "contingent payment debt instruments", with consequences discussed 
below under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments". 
Stated interest on a VRDI that provides for a single variable rate (a Single-Rate VRDI) will be treated 
as qualified stated interest and will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it 
accrues or is received, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. If the stated 
principal amount of a Single-Rate VRDI exceeds its issue price by an amount equal to or greater than 
the de minimis amount described above under "Original Issue Discount", this excess will be treated as 
OID that a U.S. Holder must include in income as it accrues, generally in accordance with the constant-
yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount". The constant-yield accrual of OID on a 
VRDI is determined by substituting the value of the variable rate on the issue date (or, in certain cases, 
a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the VRDI) for each scheduled  payment 
of the variable rate. A fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate where 
the variable rate on the issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (which will be conclusively 
presumed if the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate 
by more than 0.25 per cent.) will be treated as a single variable rate for the purposes of this and the next 
paragraph. 
Different rules may apply to a VRDI that provides for (i) multiple variable rates or (ii) one or more 
variable rates and a single fixed rate (other than a fixed rate described in the preceding paragraph) (a 
Multiple-Rate VRDI). Under applicable Treasury regulations, in order to determine the amount of 
qualified stated interest and OID (if any) in respect of a Multiple-Rate VRDI, an equivalent fixed-rate 
debt instrument must be constructed. The equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument is constructed in the 
following manner: (i) if the Multiple-Rate VRDI contains a fixed rate, that fixed rate is converted to a 
variable rate that preserves the fair market value of the Security and then (ii) each variable rate (including 
a variable rate determined under (i) above) is converted to a fixed rate substitute (which generally will 
be the value of that variable rate as of the issue date of the Multiple-Rate VRDI (or, in certain cases, a 
fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the VRDI)) (the equivalent fixed-rate 
debt instrument). The rules discussed in "Original Issue Discount" are then applied to the equivalent 
fixed-rate debt instrument to determine the amount, if any, of OID and the amount of qualified stated 
interest. A U.S. Holder will be required to include any such OID in income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as it accrues, in accordance with a constant-yield method based on a compounding of interest, 
as described above under "Original Issue Discount". 
The U.S. Holder is required to make adjustments to income to account for differences between actual 
payments on the Multiple-Rate VRDI and payments on the equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument. 
Prospective purchasers of Multiple-Rate VRDIs should consult their tax advisors regarding the rules 
applicable to these Securities. 
Upon the taxable disposition of a VRDI, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise capital gain or loss equal 
to the difference between the amount realised (other than amounts attributable to accrued qualified stated 
interest, which will be treated as described above under "Interest Payments on Securities") and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the VRDI. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a VRDI will equal the amount the U.S. 
Holder paid to purchase the VRDI, increased by the amounts of OID (if any) the U.S. Holder has 
previously included in income with respect to the VRDI and reduced by any payments the U.S. Holder 
has received other than qualified stated interest. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital 
gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the VRDI for more than one year at the time of the taxable 
disposition and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. Special rules apply to VRDIs that are Foreign 
Currency Securities, Market Discount Securities and Securities purchased at a premium, as discussed 
above and below. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Securities may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as contingent payment debt 
instruments (Contingent Securities). Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, interest on a 
Contingent Security is treated as OID and must be accrued on a constant-yield basis using (i) a yield to 
maturity that reflects the rate at which the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate instrument with no

--- Page 273 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
241 
 
contingent payments but with terms and conditions otherwise similar to the Contingent Security (the 
comparable yield) and (ii) a projected payment schedule determined by the Issuer at the time the 
Contingent Security is issued (the projected payment schedule). This projected payment schedule must 
include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Security and an estimated amount for each 
contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield.  
The Issuer is generally required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a 
schedule of the projected amounts of payments on the Contingent Securities. If required in respect of an 
issue of Securities, the applicable Issue Terms will either contain the comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule, or will provide contact information through which a U.S. Holder of a Contingent 
Security can submit a request for this information.  
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE ARE NOT 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF THE CONTINGENT SECURITIES 
FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THEY ARE BASED UPON A NUMBER OF 
ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATES AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION OR 
REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS OF, 
OR THE ACTUAL YIELD ON, THE CONTINGENT SECURITIES.  
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the Issuer unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly and timely discloses and justifies such schedule to the IRS. The Issuer's 
determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is possible that the IRS could conclude that 
some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule should be used instead.  
The amount of OID includible in income, as interest, by a U.S. Holder of a Contingent Security is the 
sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Contingent Security for each day during the taxable 
year or portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Contingent Security, generally as 
described above in "Original Issue Discount" (determined by substituting in that discussion the 
comparable yield for the "yield to maturity" and the projected payment schedule for the actual payments 
on the Security and treating no payment as qualified stated interest). Any net differences between actual 
payments received by the U.S. Holder on the Contingent Security in a taxable year and the projected 
amounts of those payments will be accounted for as additional interest (in the case of a net positive 
adjustment) or as an offset to interest income in respect of the Contingent Security (in the case of a net 
negative adjustment) for that taxable year. If the net negative adjustment for a taxable year exceeds the 
amount of interest on the Contingent Security for that year, the excess will be treated as ordinary loss in 
that year, but only to the extent the U.S. Holder's total interest inclusions on the Contingent Security 
exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in respect of the Contingent Security claimed by the U.S. 
Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Such a loss (as well as any ordinary loss incurred in 
connection with the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security, as described in the following paragraph) 
is not treated as a miscellaneous itemised deduction (for which a deduction would be unavailable or, 
beginning in 2026, available only to a limited extent). Any net negative adjustment that is not allowed 
as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried forward to the next taxable year, and is taken into 
account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a net positive or negative adjustment for that year. 
Any net negative adjustment that is carried forward to a taxable year in which the U.S. Holder sells or 
taxably disposes of the Contingent Security reduces the U.S. Holder's amount realised on the sale or 
other taxable disposition.  
Upon the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security prior to its stated maturity, a U.S. Holder generally 
will recognise taxable income or loss equal to the difference between the amount received from the 
taxable disposition and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Contingent Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis 
in the Contingent Security will equal the cost thereof, increased by any interest income the U.S. Holder 
has previously accrued (determined by taking into account any adjustments made because the U.S. 
Holder purchased the Contingent Security at more or less than its adjusted issue price, as discussed in 
the next paragraph, but not taking into account adjustments due to differences between projected and 
actual payments) and decreased by the projected amounts of any payments previously made on the 
Contingent Security (without regard to actual amounts paid). At maturity, a U.S. Holder will be treated 
as receiving the projected amount for that date (reduced by any carryforward of a net negative 
adjustment), and any difference between the amount received and that projected amount will be treated 
as a positive or negative adjustment governed by the rules described above. A U.S. Holder generally

--- Page 274 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
242 
 
must treat any income realised on the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security as interest income and 
any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of previous interest inclusions (reduced by the total amount of net 
negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses) and the balance as capital loss, 
the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. If a U.S. Holder recognises a loss above certain 
thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS (as described 
below under "Reportable Transactions"). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding this 
reporting obligation.  
The discussions below under "Market Discount" and "Securities Purchased at a Premium" do not apply 
to Contingent Securities. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is less than 
its adjusted issue price, the U.S. Holder must (i) make a positive adjustment increasing the interest the 
U.S. Holder would otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates 
and/or (ii) make a positive adjustment increasing the ordinary income (or decreasing the ordinary loss) 
that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such 
amount is attributable to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment. If a U.S. 
Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is greater than its adjusted issue price, the 
U.S. Holder must (i) make a negative adjustment decreasing the interest that the U.S. Holder would 
otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates and/or (ii) make a 
negative adjustment decreasing the ordinary income (or increasing the ordinary loss) that the U.S. Holder 
would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such amount is attributable 
to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment.  
Special rules may apply if all the remaining payments on a Contingent Security become fixed 
substantially contemporaneously. For this purpose, payments will be treated as fixed if the remaining 
contingencies with respect to them are remote or incidental. Under these rules, a U.S. Holder would be 
required to account for the difference between the original projected payments and the fixed payments 
in a reasonable manner over the period to which the difference relates. In addition, a U.S. Holder would 
be required to make adjustments to, among other things, its accrual periods and its tax basis in the 
Contingent Security. The character of any gain or loss on a sale or other taxable disposition of the 
Contingent Security also might be affected. If one or more (but not all) contingent payments on a 
Contingent Security became fixed more than six months prior to the relevant payment date(s), a U.S. 
Holder would be required to account for the difference between the original projected payment(s) and 
the fixed payment(s) on a present value basis. Prospective purchasers of Contingent Securities should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules.  
Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID and the amount, timing, and character of any gain or 
loss on a Security that is a contingent payment debt instrument denominated in, or whose payments are 
determined by reference to, a foreign currency (a Foreign Currency Contingent Security). The term 
"Foreign Currency Contingent Security" also applies to certain debt instruments denominated in, or 
providing for payments determined by reference to, multiple currencies. The discussions below under 
"Securities Purchased at a Premium" and "Market Discount" do not apply to Foreign Currency 
Contingent Securities. 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security generally will be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Security is denominated, 
if applicable, or in the foreign currency with reference to which payments on the Security are determined 
(or, in the case of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security that has payments determined by reference to 
more than one foreign currency, in the "predominant currency" determined under applicable Treasury 
regulations) (the relevant foreign currency). A U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
will apply rules similar to those applicable to Contingent Securities, as described above under 
"Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", to determine OID accruals, account for net positive or net 
negative adjustments, and calculate income or loss on the taxable disposition of the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security. All such determinations are made in the relevant foreign currency. A highly 
complex set of rules governs the translation into U.S. dollars of the amounts determined in the relevant 
foreign currency and the related determination of foreign currency gain or loss. Prospective purchasers 
of Foreign Currency Contingent Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding these rules. A U.S. 
Holder might be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign 
currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions").

--- Page 275 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
243 
 
Short-Term Securities 
Certain modifications to the general rules apply to Securities with a term of one year or less (from but 
excluding the issue date to and including the last possible date that the Securities could be outstanding 
pursuant to their terms) (Short-Term Securities). 
First, none of the interest on a Short-Term Security is treated as qualified stated interest. Instead, interest 
on a Short-Term Security is treated as part of the Short-Term Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity, thereby giving rise to OID equal to the sum of all payments on the Security less the Security's 
issue price. OID will be treated as accruing on a Short-Term Security rateably, or, at the election of a 
U.S. Holder, under a constant yield method. 
Second, a cash-method holder of a Short-Term Security generally will not be required to include OID in 
respect of the Short-Term Security in income on a current basis. However, the cash-method holder may 
not be allowed to deduct all of the interest paid or accrued on any indebtedness incurred or maintained 
to purchase or carry the Security until the maturity of the Security or its earlier taxable disposition. In 
addition, such a cash-method holder will be required to treat any gain realised on a taxable disposition 
of the Security as ordinary income to the extent of the holder's accrued OID on the Security, and as short-
term capital gain to the extent the gain exceeds the accrued OID. Any resulting loss generally will be 
treated as a short-term capital loss, the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. If a U.S. Holder 
recognises a loss above certain thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement 
with the IRS (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). A cash-method holder of a Short-
Term Security may, however, elect to accrue OID into income on a current basis. In that case, the 
limitation on the deductibility of interest described above will not apply. An accrual-method holder 
generally will be required to include OID on a Short-Term Security in income on a current basis. 
Third, Short-Term Securities will not be subject to the rules applicable to Contingent Securities. 
However, a Short-Term Security may have special redemption features or provide for other contingent 
payments. These features may cause uncertainty regarding the timing and character of income to be 
recognised on the Short-Term Security. Prospective purchasers of Short-Term Securities with such 
features should consult their tax advisors regarding these uncertainties. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Security, other than a Short-Term Security, Contingent Security or Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security, for an amount that is less than the Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity or, in the case of an OID Security, for an amount that is less than the Security's revised issue 
price (i.e., the Security's issue price increased by the amount of accrued OID), the Security will be 
considered to have market discount (a Market Discount Security). The market discount rules are subject 
to a de minimis rule similar to the rule relating to de minimis OID described above (in the second 
paragraph under "Original Issue Discount"). Any gain recognised by the U.S. Holder on the taxable 
disposition of a Market Discount Security generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of 
the market discount that accrued on the Security while held by such U.S. Holder. For Securities providing 
for instalment payments, a U.S. Holder will be required to recognise accrued market discount upon 
receipt of instalment payments. 
Alternatively, the U.S. Holder may elect to include market discount in income currently over the term of 
the Security. Such an election will apply to debt instruments with market discount acquired by the U.S. 
Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies and may be revoked 
only with the consent of the IRS. Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. 
Holder elects to accrue the market discount on a constant-yield method. Unless the U.S. Holder elects to 
include market discount in income on a current basis, as described above, the U.S. Holder generally will 
be required to defer the deduction of a portion of the interest paid on any indebtedness incurred or 
maintained to purchase or carry the Security. 
Market discount on a Foreign Currency Security will be determined by a U.S. Holder in the relevant 
foreign currency. The amount includible in income by a U.S. Holder in respect of accrued market 
discount will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued. This is generally calculated at the spot rate 
of exchange on the date that the Security is disposed of by the U.S. Holder. Any accrued market discount 
on a Foreign Currency Security that is currently includible in income generally will be translated into

--- Page 276 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
244 
 
U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period or portion of such accrual period within 
the U.S. Holder's taxable year. 
Securities Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Security (other than a Contingent Security or Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security) for an amount in excess of the remaining redemption amount (as defined above 
under "Original Issue Discount") will be considered to have purchased the Security at a premium. In that 
case, the OID rules will not apply to the Security. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise the premium, 
as an offset to qualified stated interest, using a constant-yield method, over the remaining term of the 
Security. This election, once made, generally applies to all debt instruments held or subsequently 
acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies 
and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder that elects to amortise bond premium 
must reduce its tax basis in a Security by the amount of the premium amortised during its holding period. 
Special rules may affect the U.S. Holder's ability to amortise bond premium if a Security may be 
redeemed at the Issuer's election at a price in excess of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity. 
Prospective purchasers who anticipate acquiring Securities with such features at a premium should 
consult their tax advisors regarding these special rules. If a U.S. Holder does not elect to amortise bond 
premium, the U.S. Holder generally will treat the premium as capital loss when the Security matures. 
Amortisable bond premium in respect of a Foreign Currency Security will be computed in the relevant 
currency and will reduce qualified stated interest in that currency. At the time amortised bond premium 
offsets interest income, foreign currency gain or loss, which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss, 
will be realised on the amortised bond premium on such Security based on the difference between (1) 
the spot rate of exchange on the date or dates such premium offsets interest payments on the Security 
and (2) the spot rate of exchange on the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Security. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
There is no authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment of Debt Designated Securities 
(including certain Credit Linked Notes that are Debt Designated Securities) that do not provide for the 
return at maturity of a holder's investment under all circumstances. It is possible that all or any portion 
of such a Security could be recharacterised as other than a debt instrument, in which case the character 
and timing of income on the Security may be different for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, 
even if the Issuer treats a Credit Linked Note as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes, the consequences of 
a Risk Event or a Credit Event may not be clear, depending on the circumstances. 
Even if the tax treatment of the Securities as debt is respected, it is possible that Securities that the Issuer 
does not intend to treat as Contingent Securities or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities could be 
treated as Contingent Securities or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities, with the consequences 
described above under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" or "Foreign Currency Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments", respectively. 
Securities Not Treated as Debt  
The discussions below address various categories of Securities that the Issuer intends to treat for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes as other than debt, as indicated by the statement under "United States Tax 
Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms. As discussed under "—General", this section does not 
address the U.S. federal tax treatment of Preference Share Linked Securities (Non-Debt Designated 
Securities). 
Due to the absence of controlling statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the 
U.S. federal tax treatment of non-debt Securities or similar instruments, significant aspects of the tax 
treatment of an investment in these Securities are uncertain. The following discussions of specific types 
of non-debt Securities generally assume that the Issuer's intended treatment of each type of Security is 
respected. These discussions are subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the section below 
entitled "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt". 
As discussed in that section, alternative treatments of the Securities are possible, and even if the Issuer's 
general characterisation of the relevant Securities is respected there may nonetheless be uncertainty about 
specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant Securities. The Issuer does not plan to request a ruling 
from the IRS, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatments described below. Accordingly,

--- Page 277 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
245 
 
prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Other U.S. 
Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable 
Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the Securities after such an event could differ 
from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no such 
deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
The following discussion applies only to Securities, not providing for any payments prior to maturity or 
early redemption, that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts 
or options.  
A U.S. Holder generally should not be required to recognise taxable income over the term of a Security 
prior to maturity, other than pursuant to a taxable disposition as described below.  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security for cash and/or property (other than the Underlying), a U.S. 
Holder should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash and/or property received 
and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security generally should 
equal the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-term capital gain or loss 
if at the time of the sale, exchange or retirement the U.S. Holder held the Security for more than one 
year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect 
to the Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying (including any fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. Holder's 
tax basis in the Security and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the day after 
receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder should 
recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that cash and 
the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the Underlying 
could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount equal to the fair market value of 
the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss (subject, in the case of loss, 
to the possible application of the wash sale rules) as described in the previous paragraph. In that event, 
the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the date of 
receipt. 
In some cases, a Security may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity but are paid 
at maturity (or, depending on the terms of the Security, upon an early retirement). In that event, a U.S. 
Holder might be required to treat such amounts as ordinary income, either at maturity or as they are fixed 
or accrue. Alternatively, if the entire amount of the payment at maturity becomes fixed or subject to a 
minimum level prior to maturity, the Security might be treated as terminated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes at such time, in which case a U.S. Holder could be required to recognise capital gain in respect 
of the Security and to treat the Security as debt thereafter. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations 
Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt". Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the treatment of such payments.  
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic Payments 
The following discussion applies only to Securities that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic payments. Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a Security that provides for non-
periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement.  
Insofar as it has information reporting responsibility in respect of a Security, the Issuer expects to treat 
the periodic payments (including the periodic payment at maturity) as ordinary income, which the U.S. 
Holder would recognise in accordance with its method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax

--- Page 278 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
246 
 
purposes. It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could 
be different, as described below. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities 
That Are Not Treated as Debt".  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security for cash and/or property (other than the Underlying) a U.S. 
Holder generally should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (i) the cash and/or 
property received and (ii) the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security. However, any periodic payment 
received at maturity will, and the treatment of any sales proceeds attributable to an accrued but unpaid 
periodic payment may, be treated as described in the preceding paragraph. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a 
Security generally should equal the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-
term capital gain or loss if at the time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder held the Security for 
more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect 
to the Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying received (including a fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the Security and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the 
day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder 
should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that 
cash and the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the 
Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss (subject, in the case 
of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) as described in the previous paragraph. In that 
event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the 
date of receipt. 
Securities Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
The following discussion applies only to a Security that the Issuer treats as a put option (the Put Option) 
written by the U.S. Holder with respect to the Underlying, secured by a deposit equal to the stated 
principal amount of the Security (the Deposit). It generally assumes that the U.S. Holder purchases the 
Security for its stated principal amount. Under this treatment:  
• 
a portion of each periodic payment made with respect to a Security will be attributable to interest 
on the Deposit; and  
• 
the remainder will represent option premium attributable to the U.S. Holder's grant of the Put 
Option (with respect to each payment received and, collectively, all periodic payments received, 
the Put Premium).  
It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could be 
different, as described below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities 
That Are Not Treated as Debt".  
If the term of a Security is not more than one year, the Deposit will be treated as a "short-term obligation" 
generally subject to the rules described under "Securities Treated as Debt—Short-Term Securities" 
above.  
If the term of a Security is more than one year, subject to anything to the contrary in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer generally intends to treat the Deposit as a fixed rate debt instrument or a Single-Rate 
VRDI, depending on the terms of the Security, and the following discussion is based on this treatment. 
Under this treatment, interest on the Deposit generally will be taxable as ordinary interest income at the 
time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. If, however, 
the terms of the Deposit cause it instead to be treated as a "contingent payment debt instrument", as 
described above under "Securities Treated as Debt – Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", the timing 
and character of income recognised on the Deposit will be as described in that section.  
The Put Premium should not be taken into account until the taxable disposition of a Security. Where 
relevant, the Issuer will provide the percentage of each periodic payment that is allocated to interest on

--- Page 279 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
247 
 
the Deposit and to Put Premium in the applicable Issue Terms. This allocation is binding on a U.S. Holder 
unless the U.S. Holder discloses otherwise on its U.S. federal income tax return; however, it is not 
binding on the IRS.  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security prior to maturity or earlier redemption, a U.S. Holder should 
apportion the amount realised between the Deposit and the Put Option based on their respective values 
on the date of the taxable disposition. Except with respect to any amount attributable to accrued interest 
on the Deposit, which, if not previously included in income, will be treated as a payment of interest (in 
the case of a short-term Security, only to the extent of the gain recognised), a U.S. Holder will recognise 
gain or loss with respect to the Deposit in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the amount 
realised that is apportioned to the Deposit (the Deposit Value) and (ii) the U.S. Holder's basis in the 
Deposit (i.e., the issue price of the Security). Such gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if 
the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss 
otherwise. If the amount of a periodic payment in respect of an accrual period is not known until the end 
of the relevant observation period, it is not clear how much interest, if any, will be treated as having 
accrued on the Deposit at the time of a taxable disposition prior to maturity.  
Any difference between the amount realised on the taxable disposition and the Deposit Value will be 
apportioned to the Put Option. If the Deposit Value exceeds the amount realised upon the taxable 
disposition of a Security, a U.S. Holder will be treated as having made a payment equal to such excess 
in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option. A U.S. Holder should recognise short-term 
capital gain or loss in respect of the Put Option in an amount equal to the total Put Premium previously 
received, decreased by the amount deemed to be paid by the U.S. Holder, or increased by the amount 
deemed to be paid to the U.S. Holder, in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option.  
The periodic payment received at maturity or earlier redemption should be treated as described above. 
If a Security is retired for its stated principal amount (without taking into account any periodic payment), 
the Put Option should be deemed to have expired unexercised, in which case a U.S. Holder should 
recognise short-term capital gain in an amount equal to the sum of all payments of Put Premium received, 
including the Put Premium received at maturity.  
At maturity, if a U.S. Holder receives an amount of cash and/or property (other than the Underlying), not 
counting the final periodic payment, that is different from the stated principal amount, the Put Option 
should be deemed to have been exercised and the U.S. Holder should be deemed to have applied the 
Deposit toward the cash settlement of the Put Option. In that case, the U.S. Holder should recognise 
short-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Put Option in an amount equal to the difference between 
(i) the sum of the total Put Premium received (including the Put Premium received at maturity) and the 
cash and/or other property the U.S. Holder receives at maturity, excluding the final periodic payment, 
and (ii) the Deposit.  
If the Underlying is an interest in an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
it is unclear whether any capital gain or loss recognised in respect of the Put Option upon retirement of 
the Security should be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, respectively, if the U.S. 
Holder has held the Security for more than a year at that time. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of purchasing a Security linked to such an interest. 
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the Put Option will be deemed to have been exercised, and the U.S. Holder 
should be deemed to have applied the Deposit toward the physical settlement of the Put Option. Under 
this treatment, a U.S. Holder should not recognise any income or gain in respect of the total Put Premium 
received (including the Put Premium received at maturity) and should not recognise any gain or loss with 
respect to any Underlying received. Instead, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying received (including any fractional Underlying) equal to the Deposit less the total Put 
Premium received over the term of the Securities. A U.S. Holder's holding period for any Underlying 
received will start on the day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional 
Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference 
between the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional Underlying and the pro rata portion of the 
U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis that is allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible 
that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount

--- Page 280 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
248 
 
equal to the fair market value of the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or 
loss as described in the previous paragraph (subject, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the 
wash sale rules). In that event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its 
fair market value on the date of receipt. 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt 
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities are possible that, if applied, could 
materially and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income, gain or loss with respect to non-
debt Securities. For instance, a Security could be treated as a debt instrument, notwithstanding the Issuer's 
treatment of it as a non-debt instrument, in which case  (i) physical delivery of the Underlying would be 
a taxable event, and (ii) the consequences of owning the Security would generally be as described above 
under "Securities Treated as Debt—Short-Term Securities" or "Securities Treated as Debt—Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments", as applicable. Moreover, if the payment at maturity on a non-debt Security 
were to become fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity, a U.S. Holder might be required 
to treat the Security as debt after that date and also possibly to recognise gain at that time. It is also 
possible that a U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the Underlying, in which case the tax 
consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
For Securities linked to an Underlying that is not a specific asset, for example a Rate, it is possible that 
(i) any gain recognised at maturity of the Security could be treated as ordinary income instead of capital 
gain and (ii) any loss so recognised could be treated as a "miscellaneous itemized deduction" subject to 
significant limitations on use. 
With respect to Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic 
payments and Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, the periodic payments on the Securities 
might not be accounted for separately as giving rise to income to a U.S. Holder until the sale, exchange 
or retirement of the Securities. In the case of Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, the entire 
periodic payment on the Security could be treated as ordinary income at the time received or accrued. In 
either case, such an alternative treatment would affect, among other things, the determination of gain or 
loss upon the taxable disposition of the relevant Security.  
Other possible U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities could also affect the timing and 
character of income or loss with respect to the Securities. In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department and 
the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of 
"prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions 
may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have 
proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury 
regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and 
adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, including possible alternative treatments and potential 
changes in applicable law.  
Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code 
If a Security is linked to an Underlying that is an equity interest in one of a specified list of entities, 
including an exchange-traded fund or other regulated investment company (e.g., a mutual fund), a real 
estate investment trust, partnership, trust or PFIC, it is possible, depending upon the specific terms of the 
Security, that an investment in the Security will be treated as a "constructive ownership transaction" 
within the meaning of Section 1260 of the Code. In that case, all or a portion of any long-term capital 
gain otherwise recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of the Security would be recharacterised as 
ordinary income to the extent such gain exceeded the "net underlying long-term capital gain." Although 
the matter is unclear, the "net underlying long-term capital gain" may equal the amount of long-term 
capital gain a U.S. Holder would have realised if on the issue date the U.S. Holder had invested the 
amount paid to acquire the Security in the relevant Underlying and sold those Underlying units for their 
fair market value at the time the relevant Security is sold, exchanged or retired (which would generally 
reflect the percentage increase, if any, in the value of the Underlying over the term of the Securities). 
However, the "net underlying long-term capital gain" could be calculated in other ways. The amount of 
"net underlying long-term capital gain" is treated as zero unless the actual amount of "net underlying 
long-term capital gain" is established by clear and convincing evidence. Any long-term capital gain

--- Page 281 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
249 
 
recharacterised as ordinary income under Section 1260 would be treated as accruing at a constant rate 
over the period the U.S. Holder held the Security, and the U.S. Holder would be subject to a notional 
interest charge in respect of the deemed tax liability on the income treated as accruing in prior tax years. 
Moreover, Securities linked to certain Underlyings could, if a U.S. Holder is an individual or other non-
corporate investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable to "collectibles" instead of the general 
rates that apply to long-term capital gain. See "Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to 
"Collectibles"" below. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible 
application of Section 1260 of the Code to the Securities.  
Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code  
If there is (i) any Adjustment Event, including but not limited to the replacement of the Underlying, (ii) 
a change in the methodology by which an Index is calculated, (iii) a change in the components of an 
Index, (iv) any other circumstance resulting in a material change to the Underlying or a rate referenced 
by a Security, (v) a redenomination, (vi) a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself, or (vii) any 
other circumstance resulting in a material change to the terms of a Security, it is possible that the 
Securities could be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In the event of a deemed retirement, a U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject, 
in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with respect to the Securities. 
Moreover, the treatment of the Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event.  
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code  
If the Underlying in respect of a Security consists of one or more foreign currencies, foreign currency 
debt instruments, contingent foreign currency debt instruments, or indices or derivatives with respect to 
the foregoing, it is likely that the Security will be subject to Section 988 of the Code. In that case, subject 
to the election discussed in the next sentence, any gain or loss recognised on the Security generally will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss instead of capital gain or loss. While a taxpayer may elect to treat 
gain or loss on certain non-debt instruments linked to one or more foreign currencies as capital gain or 
loss (a Section 988 election), depending on the terms of the Security, it is unclear whether a "Section 
988 election" would be available for Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options, and 
doubtful that it would be available for other Securities. In addition, assuming Section 988 of the Code 
applies to the Securities and a valid Section 988 election is not made, a U.S. Holder might be subject to 
special reporting requirements that apply to foreign currency losses that exceed certain thresholds (as 
described below under "Reportable Transactions"). Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the availability and 
advisability of making a "Section 988 election".  
With respect to Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, not described in the preceding paragraph, 
that are denominated in or determined by reference to a foreign currency, the Deposit (but not, generally, 
a Put Option that references a non-currency Underlying) may be subject to special rules under Section 
988 of the Code that are applicable to foreign currency debt as described above under "Tax Consequences 
to U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Debt". Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the potential application of Section 988 to the Securities.  
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code  
Special rules will apply if a Security is treated in whole or in part as subject to the mark-to-market rules 
of Section 1256 of the Code. Section 1256 applies, among others, to "foreign currency contracts," as well 
as certain options listed on or subject to the rules of a qualified board or exchange. If Section 1256 of the 
Code were to apply to a Security, a U.S. Holder would be required (i) to recognise gain or loss on all, or 
a portion, of the Security as if it were sold at its fair market value on the last business day of each year it 
is held, and (ii) to treat such gain or loss as 40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 60 per cent. 
long-term capital gain or loss (subject, in the case of a foreign currency contract, to the U.S. Holder's 
making a valid Section 988 election as described above). In the absence of a valid Section 988 election 
with respect to a Security treated as a "foreign currency contract," the gain or loss recognised would be 
ordinary. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of 
Section 1256 of the Code to the Securities.

--- Page 282 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
250 
 
Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to "Collectibles"  
Under current law, long-term capital gain recognised on a sale of "collectibles" (which includes, among 
others, metals) or an ownership interest in certain entities that hold collectibles is generally taxed at the 
maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to collectibles. It is possible that long-term capital gain from a 
taxable disposition of certain non-debt Securities linked to an Underlying that is a collectible or is one of 
certain entities holding collectibles would be subject to the maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to 
collectibles, instead of the lower long-term capital gain rate. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisors regarding an investment in a Security linked to a collectible or to an entity holding 
collectibles.  
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders  
Securities Issued by a U.S. Issuer 
Securities Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Debt Designated Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI (each, a U.S. 
Issuer). It generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes is respected. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax 
advisors about the risk that the IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Securities. Certain exceptions 
to these general rules are discussed below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. 
Holders" and "FATCA", and therefore this discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction 
with, the discussion contained in those sections. 
Interest payments on a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding 
tax, as long as (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of 
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the U.S. Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-
U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related 
to the U.S. Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest is not contingent on the U.S. 
Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from the 
definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides 
a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in 
compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain 
documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Gain realised 
by a Non-U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security (which excludes amounts attributable to 
accrued interest) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That 
Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the 
Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, 
the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred. 
As discussed under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Debt—Possible 
Alternative Tax Treatment" above, there is no authority regarding the proper U.S. federal tax treatment 
of Debt Designated Securities (including certain Credit Linked Notes that are Debt Designated 
Securities) that do not provide for the return at maturity of a holder's investment under all circumstances. 
The Issuer's intended treatment of such Securities is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree 
with it. If such a Security were treated as an instrument other than debt, interest payments on the Security, 
if paid by a U.S. Issuer, could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction 
under an applicable income tax treaty. Insofar as it has responsibility as a withholding agent in respect 
of such Securities, the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on payments on such Securities to 
Non-U.S. Holders (subject to the certification requirements and the exceptions described herein). 
However, it is possible that other withholding agents may withhold on interest payments on such 
Securities, and in the future the Issuer may determine that it is required to so withhold. In addition, even

--- Page 283 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
251 
 
if the Issuer treats a Credit Linked Note as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes, the consequences of a Risk 
Event or a Credit Event may not be clear, depending on the circumstances. 
Securities Not Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Non-Debt Designated Securities issued by a U.S. Issuer. It generally assumes that 
the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as financial instruments other than debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes is respected. Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "– 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders" and "FATCA", and therefore this 
discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those 
sections. Prospective purchasers should note that a U.S. Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to U.S. federal income taxes, if any, withheld, whether by the Issuer or by another 
withholding agent, with respect to Non-Debt Designated Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That 
Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the 
Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, 
the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  
Non-U.S. Holders should refer to "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders – Securities Not Treated as Debt" 
above for the definitions of certain terms used below. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
Generally, subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to 
U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of the taxable disposition of a Security, not providing 
for any payments prior to maturity or early redemption, that is treated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a prepaid forward contract or an option. 
In some cases, a Security may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity but are paid 
at maturity. In that event, such amounts paid to a Non-U.S. Holder might be subject to withholding tax 
at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under an applicable income tax treaty). Even if the Issuer 
or an applicable withholding agent generally treats such amounts as eligible for an exemption from 
withholding, in light of the uncertain treatment of such amounts the Issuer or an applicable withholding 
agent might require a Non-U.S. Holder to provide a statement signed under penalties of perjury that 
certifies that it is a non-United States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8) or to satisfy certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that 
it is a non-United States person. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
treatment of such payments. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic Payments 
With respect to Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic 
payments, to the extent the Issuer has withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities, it intends to 
treat the periodic payments as subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the Non-U.S. Holder 
provides a properly executed and appropriate IRS Form W-8 claiming eligibility for a reduction of or an 
exemption from withholding under an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should 
not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a 
Security (although any amount received in respect of a periodic payment may be treated as subject to 
withholding). Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a 
Security that provides for non-periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement. 
Securities Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect 
of amounts paid on a Security treated as a Put Option and a Deposit, as long as the requirements in the 
second paragraph under "—Securities Treated as Debt" are met. While the Issuer currently does not 
intend to withhold on payments to Non-U.S. Holders on Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits 
(assuming these requirements are met), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Securities other persons

--- Page 284 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
252 
 
having withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities may treat some or all of each periodic 
payment on a Security as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under 
an applicable income tax treaty). Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine that 
it should so withhold at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty, 
on periodic payments on the Securities. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. 
federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a Security (other than with 
respect to amounts attributable to an accrued periodic payment, which are discussed above). 
Securities Issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer 
Securities issued by CGMFL (the Non-U.S. Issuer) to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated as "Non-
U.S. Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Securities, subject to the discussions below under 
"Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders—Effectively Connected Income", 
"Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents", "FIRPTA" and "FATCA", the Issuer currently 
intends to treat payments made with respect to the Securities as not subject to U.S. federal withholding 
tax. 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders 
Except where specified otherwise, the discussion in this section applies to any Security issued by either 
the Non-U.S. Issuer or a U.S. Issuer and held by a Non-U.S. Holder. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Securities  
If all or any portion of a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer treats as a financial instrument 
other than debt were recharacterised as a debt instrument, any payment made to a Non-U.S. Holder with 
respect to the Security generally would not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax as long 
as the requirements in the second paragraph under "Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders—Securities 
Treated as Debt" are met. Moreover, if the payment at maturity on a non-debt Security were to become 
fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity, a Non-U.S. Holder might be required to treat the 
Security as debt after that date. Alternatively, it is possible that a Non-U.S. Holder could be treated as 
owning the Underlying, in which case the tax consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
As discussed above under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations 
Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt", the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS 
released a notice requesting comments on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward 
contracts" and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject 
of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative 
changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other 
guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect. If withholding is 
required on Non-Debt Designated Securities, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
If all or any portion of a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer treats as a debt instrument were 
recharacterised as a financial instrument other than debt, certain payments made to a Non-U.S. Holder 
could be treated as being subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax, as discussed above under 
"Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Debt". In addition, even if the Issuer 
treats a Credit Linked Note as debt for U.S. federal tax purposes, the consequences of a Risk Event or a 
Credit Event may not be clear, depending on the circumstances. 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from a 
Security is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder 
generally will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same 
manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides 
otherwise. If such a Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the 
potential application of a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would 
be required to provide an IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable withholding agent to establish an 
exemption from withholding for amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, paid on a Security.

--- Page 285 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
253 
 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder (Section 871(m)) impose a 30 per 
cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (Underlying Securities, as 
defined under the applicable Treasury regulations), or indices that include Underlying Securities. Section 
871(m) generally applies to specified equity-linked instruments (Specified ELIs), which are financial 
instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more Underlying Securities, 
as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed further below.  
Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments 
linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury 
regulations (Qualified Indices) as well as securities that track such indices (Qualified Index Securities).  
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the applicable Treasury regulations, as 
modified by an IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
• 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2025, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a "delta" of one.  
• 
For financial instruments issued in 2025 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to 
a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The 
"substantial equivalence" test measures whether a complex contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of 
the Underlying Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" 
simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the calculation date, which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Security, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Security. 
However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security, the 
calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Security. Under these rules, information regarding the 
Issuer's final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. 
Holder agrees to acquire a Security. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Security only 
if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m). 
In addition, Securities of a Series that are issued in different Tranches, or otherwise priced on different 
dates, may have different calculation dates for purposes of determining whether they are Specified ELIs. 
As a result, Securities acquired by a Non-U.S. Holder may be Specified ELIs, and therefore subject to 
withholding under Section 871(m), even if other Securities of the same Series are not Specified ELIs. In 
such a situation, a withholding agent may treat all of the Securities in that Series as being subject to 
Section 871(m) withholding if it is not able to distinguish among those Securities. 
If the terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (for example, upon an Issuer 
substitution, as discussed above under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax 
Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under 
Section 1001 of the Code") the Security generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time 
of the significant modification, in which case the Security could become a Specified ELI at that time. 
If a Security is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent's circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition of the Security by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events. 
Depending on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts 
from coupons or other payments on the Security, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of 
the Security, or from other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent. 
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to

--- Page 286 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
254 
 
the product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2025 
that have a "delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" of one. The 
per-share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect 
to a share of the Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated 
dividend, the Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Security and whether or not it is issued prior to 2025, the Issue Terms may 
contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Security references a 
Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the number 
of shares multiplied by delta (for a simple contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence test" is met 
and the initial hedge (for a complex contract). 
The Issuer's determination is binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not binding 
on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to 
Securities linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be 
uncertain. Accordingly, even if the Issuer determines that certain Securities are not Specified ELIs, the 
IRS could challenge the Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those 
Securities. 
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the 
Non-U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an 
Underlying Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability 
under Section 871(m) even if the relevant Securities are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as 
a general matter. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 
871(m) in their particular circumstances. 
Specified Current Payment Securities: 
The following discussion applies to certain Securities that are Specified ELIs and that provide 
solely for (i) a payment at maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by 
reference to the value of the Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)) and (ii) 
cash payments equal to dividends (if any) on each Underlying Security to which the Securities 
relate multiplied by the number of shares of such Underlying Security to which the Securities 
relate (such cash payments, (U.S. dividend-linked payments) and each such Security, (a 
Specified Current Payment Security). It is expected that each U.S. dividend-linked payment 
will be made on the payment date for the related dividend. 
The Issuer will treat each U.S. dividend-linked payment as the payment of a dividend equivalent. 
Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders should expect withholding agents to withhold 30 per cent. (or 
a lower rate under the dividend provision of an applicable income tax treaty) of each U.S. 
dividend-linked payment. However, because the application of Section 871(m) to Specified 
Current Payment Securities is not entirely clear, it is possible that a withholding agent could 
treat such a Security as subject to additional withholding, for example from amounts due at 
maturity or exercise of the Security. In addition, a withholding agent may withhold at the 30 per 
cent. (or other applicable maximum) rate regardless of whether the Non-U.S. Holder  is eligible 
for the benefits of an income tax treaty in respect of the payment. 
Specified Net Total Return Securities 
The following discussion applies to certain Securities that are Specified ELIs and that provide 
solely for a payment at maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference 
to the value of the Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)), where such final 
value, in the case of an Underlying that is an Underlying Security, reflects the deemed 
reinvestment of any dividends paid over the term of the Security in respect of the number of 
shares of such Underlying Security to which the Security relates, net of the maximum amount 
of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each such dividend (currently, 30 per cent.) 
(such net amount, the Net Dividend Amount). The discussion herein refers to each such Security 
as a Specified Net Total Return Security.

--- Page 287 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
255 
 
Upon the payment of a dividend with respect to an Underlying Security in respect of a Specified 
Net Total Return Security, the Issuer will deposit with the IRS an amount equal to the relevant 
gross dividend amount multiplied by the maximum applicable U.S. withholding tax rate on 
dividends (not reduced by the application of any U.S. income tax treaty). Because (i) the Net 
Dividend Amount plus (ii) the amount to be deposited with the IRS will equal 100 per cent. of 
the gross dividend amount, the Issuer will treat the aggregate of (i) and (ii) as the payment of a 
dividend equivalent equal to 100 per cent. of such gross dividend amount for purposes of Section 
871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of Securities that are Specified ELIs should consult their tax advisors regarding 
whether they are eligible for a refund of any part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of 
an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will 
generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income tax return). In some circumstances, including when 
the Issuer or another intermediary performs the withholding required under Section 871(m), it may not 
be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the documentation necessary to support a refund claim under 
an applicable treaty. 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule—Definitions—Section 871(m) Event") occurs, an Early Redemption 
Event may occur, in which case the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of such Securities. 
FIRPTA 
Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as "FIRPTA", applies to certain interests in entities that 
beneficially own significant amounts of United States real property interests (each, a USRPI). As 
discussed above, the Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of Shares, shares that underlie 
an Index, or any other equity interest to which Securities relate should be treated as a USRPHC for 
purposes of Section 897 of the Code (including a non-corporate entity treated for relevant purposes of 
Section 897 of the Code as a USRPHC). If a relevant issuer were so treated, it is possible that, subject to 
the exceptions discussed in the following paragraph, a Security could be treated as a USRPI, in which 
case any gain from the disposition of the Security would generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
and would be required to be reported by the Non-U.S. Holder on a U.S. federal income tax return, 
generally in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, and would in certain cases 
be subject to withholding in the amount of 15 per cent. of the gross proceeds of such disposition.  
An exception to the FIRPTA rules applies in respect of interests in entities that have a regularly traded 
class of interests outstanding. Under this exception, a Security that is not "regularly traded" on an 
established securities market generally should not be subject to the FIRPTA rules unless its fair market 
value upon acquisition exceeds 5 per cent. of the relevant issuer's regularly traded class of interests as 
specified in the applicable Treasury regulations. In the case of Securities that are "regularly traded", a 
holding of 5 per cent. or less of the outstanding Securities of that class or series generally should not be 
subject to the FIRPTA rules. Certain attribution and aggregation rules apply, and prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding whether their ownership interest in the Securities will 
be subject to an exemption from the FIRPTA rules in light of their circumstances, including any other 
interest they might have in a relevant issuer.  
U.S. Federal Estate Tax  
An individual Non-U.S. Holder or an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual's gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an 
individual and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note 
that, absent an applicable treaty exemption, a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that is not treated as debt 
for U.S. federal estate tax purposes may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate 
tax. A Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that is treated as debt for U.S. federal estate tax purposes generally 
will not be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if payments on the Security, if 
received by the decedent at the time of death, would not have been subject to U.S. federal withholding 
or income tax because of the exemption from withholding of "portfolio interest". A holder that is such

--- Page 288 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
256 
 
an individual or entity should consult its tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences 
of investing in the Securities.  
Reportable Transactions  
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements 
under Section 6011 of the Code. "Reportable transactions" include, among other things, "loss 
transactions" that result in a taxpayer's claiming certain losses in excess of specified amounts and certain 
transactions identified by the IRS. In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices 
designating certain "basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as 
reportable transactions. The notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" 
has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction.  An 
exception to the reporting requirements described in the 2015 notices applies to financial instruments 
that are treated as "variable rate debt instruments" or "contingent payment debt instruments" (including 
for this purpose Short-Term Securities with contingent payments) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
If the Issuer, an index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the 
terms of a Security or an index underlying a Security and were treated as a holder's "designee" for these 
purposes, unless an exception applied (such as the exception for certain categories of debt instruments) 
certain holders of the relevant Securities would be required to report certain information to the IRS, as 
set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might also be 
required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. Holders should consult their tax 
advisors regarding these rules.  
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding  
Payments on the Securities, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement)  of the Securities, may be subject to information reporting and, if an investor fails to provide 
certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or 
meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. 
A Non-U.S. Holder that provides the applicable withholding agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 
will generally establish an exemption from backup withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup 
withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against a holder's U.S. federal 
income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in 
addition to, and potentially significantly more onerous than, the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-
8) have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. 
entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to payments of 
U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income, which includes, among other things, 
interest and certain dividend equivalents (as defined above) under Section 871(m). While existing 
Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross proceeds from the disposition 
(including upon retirement) of financial instruments that provide for U.S.-source interest or certain 
dividend equivalents, the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its 
intent to eliminate this requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has stated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations pending their finalisation. A Non-U.S. Holder, or a U.S. Holder holding 
Securities through a non-U.S. intermediary, should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential 
application of FATCA to the Securities, including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF 
SECURITIES MAY BE UNCLEAR. BENEFICIAL OWNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING 
OF SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-
U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. 
FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS.

--- Page 289 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
257 
 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION  
The following is a summary of the Issuers' understanding of current United Kingdom law and published 
HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax 
treatment of payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect 
of Securities. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding 
or disposing of Securities. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Securityholders depends on 
their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective Securityholders 
who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to 
their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
Interest on Securities 
Payments of interest on the Securities that do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax.  If interest paid on the Securities 
does have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax where one of the exemptions below applies: 
(a) 
where the Securities carry a right to interest and are and continue to be "listed on a recognised 
stock exchange", within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 then interest 
can be paid without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
The London Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. Securities will be treated as listed 
on the London Stock Exchange if they are included in the Official List (within the meaning of 
and in accordance with the provisions of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) 
and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange, 
Euronext Dublin, Euronext Paris, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the Stockholm Stock Exchange have been recognised as "recognised stock exchanges". The 
Securities will satisfy this listing requirement if they are officially listed in Germany, Ireland, 
France, Italy, Luxembourg or Sweden in accordance with provisions corresponding to those 
generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, 
Euronext Dublin, Euronext Paris, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or the Stockholm Stock Exchange (as applicable). HMRC published guidance is that Securities 
listed and admitted to trading on the following markets satisfy these requirements: the 
Regulierter markets of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (but not the Freiverkehr markets), the main 
market and Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (but not the Enterprise Securities 
Market), the electronic bond market and the electronic securitised derivatives market of the 
Italian Stock Exchange, the regulated market and the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the main market (but not the First North market) of the Stockholm Stock 
Exchange forming part of NASDAQ OMX Nordic Exchange. Provided, therefore, that the 
Securities carry a right to interest and are and remain so "listed on a recognised stock exchange", 
interest on the Securities will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom tax; 
(b) 
where the Securities are admitted to trading on a "multilateral trading facility" operated by a 
"regulated recognised stock exchange" (both as defined by section 987 Income Tax Act 2007) 
interest can be paid without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income.  
Some of the markets that do not satisfy the requirement at (a) above, may instead satisfy this 
requirement (b). In particular, Securities admitted to trading on the ISM operated by the London 
Stock Exchange should satisfy this exemption; or 
(c) 
where the maturity of the Securities is less than 365 days (and the Securities do not form part of 
a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more 
than 364 days) interest can be paid without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income. 
In other cases where interest on the Securities is regarded as having a United Kingdom source, an amount 
must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Securities on account of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to any other available exemptions or reliefs. 
However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no 
tax to be withheld) in relation to a Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest

--- Page 290 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
258 
 
to the Securityholder without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
An amount may also be required to be withheld from payments on the Securities that have a United 
Kingdom source and do not constitute interest, but are nevertheless treated for United Kingdom tax 
purposes as either: (i) annual payments; or (ii) manufactured payments.  Any such withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax would be at the basic rate.  However, where an applicable double 
tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a 
Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay annual payments to the Securityholder 
without deduction of tax (or for annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in 
the relevant double tax treaty). 
References to "interest" are to interest as interpreted for UK tax purposes and may therefore in certain 
cases include payments of premium. 
Payments under the Guarantee 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor under the terms 
of the Guarantee is uncertain. Accordingly, if the Guarantor makes any such payments, these may be 
subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.).  In particular, such 
payments by the Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemptions in relation to payments of interest by 
the Issuer as described above. Accordingly, if the CGMFL Guarantor makes any such payments, these 
may be subject to UK withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.). 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues.  Prospective 
investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of 
state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Taxation of the holders of Securities 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon redemption or repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Securities held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent, if any. Accordingly, payments of interest under

--- Page 291 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
259 
 
Securities coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to withholding tax at a rate 
of 20 per cent. 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling 
Securities. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax 
considerations and the investors should consult their own professional tax advisors regarding the 
Belgian tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the 
avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Securities in their particular 
circumstances. The description of certain taxes in the Kingdom of Belgium (Belgium) set out below is 
for general information only and does not purport to be comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover 
the situation of non-residents nor the tax treatment of securities which may be received upon repurchase 
or settlement of the Securities. 
This summary is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and 
regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future amendments, which 
may or may not have retroactive effect. Each investor should consult a professional adviser with respect 
to the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, taking into account the applicable terms and 
the inﬂuence of each regional, local, federal or national law. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Securities made through a paying agent 
or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the 
gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro at the exchange rate 
applicable on the date of payment or attribution. 
Belgian income tax 
Variable Income 
If the repurchase, redemption or exercise by the Issuer(s) is in full or in part settled by means of a delivery 
of securities or other assets, interest includes any positive difference between the sales value of those 
assets on the date of their payment or attribution and the initial issue price of the Securities. 
Under Belgian tax law, 'interest' income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer(s) in excess of the Issue Price; and (iii) only if the Securities qualify as 'ﬁxed income securities' 
(in the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992), in the case of a realisation of the 
Securities between two interest payment dates, the pro rata interest accrued during the holding period. In 
general, securities are qualified as 'fixed income securities' if there is a causal link between the amount 
of interest income and the holding period of the security, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate 
the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Securities during their lifetime. 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the variation 
of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked to the 
evolution of underlying products. According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured securities to 
a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata interest", 
calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue price upon 
redemption or repayment of the structured securities by the issuer is considered as interest for Belgian 
tax purposes. It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out in 
the circular letter to the Securities. 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer(s) will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for the 
purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case of 
sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer(s)) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently 
impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest".

--- Page 292 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
260 
 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer(s) 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), who are holding the Securities as a private 
investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident 
individuals acquire the Securities for professional purposes or when their transactions with 
respect to the Securities fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private 
estate or are speculative in nature. 
Payments of interest (as defined above) on the Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding 
taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Securities in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was effectively 
levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Securities in their 
personal income tax return if that is beneficial from a tax perspective. Also, if the interest is paid 
outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must 
be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will 
in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income 
tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more 
beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. If the interest income is declared, the Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited against the personal income tax liability and any excess 
will be refundable. 
• 
Belgian resident companies  
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Securities will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. Small and 
medium-sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced corporate tax rate of 
20 per cent. for the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits. If the income has been subject to a 
foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest 
income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to 
the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a 
maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital 
losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments (as defined above) on the Securities made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but 
can be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT certain formalities are 
complied with (articles 108 and 117, §12 of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption from 
withholding tax will only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer(s) are associated 
companies within the meaning of article 105, 6° of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 
implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been levied 
is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions and any excess will be 
refundable. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities

--- Page 293 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
261 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or other financial intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the 
Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is responsible for declaring the interest income and for the 
payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax.  
Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should in principal apply to the Securities. 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Subject to the assumptions stated above under the heading "Variable Income", Belgian resident 
individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, 
PROVIDED THAT the Securities have not been used for their professional activity and that the 
capital gain is realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate 
and is not speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Securities may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax 
(plus local surcharges) if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal 
management of a private estate. Capital losses arising from such transactions are not tax 
deductible, unless they can be deducted from gains realised on such type of transactions. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Securities held for professional purposes are taxable at 
the ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Securities held for 
more than five years as fixed assets, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus 
local surcharges). Capital losses on the Securities incurred by Belgian resident individuals 
holding the Securities for professional purposes are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, irrespective of 
whether such Securities relate to shares or other assets or indices. The current standard corporate 
income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. Small and medium-sized companies benefit from a 
20 per cent. corporate tax rate on the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits, subject to conditions. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle not tax deductible. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Securities on the secondary market is subject to a stock exchange tax 
(Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse). It will be levied on the acquisition

--- Page 294 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
262 
 
and disposal of the Securities for consideration on the secondary market executed through a professional 
intermediary in Belgium or if the order is transmitted directly or indirectly to a financial intermediary 
established outside of Belgium by either a physical person with habitual residence in Belgium or by a 
legal person for the account of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. The tax is due separately from 
each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), and in both 
cases collected by the professional intermediary. Where the intermediary is established outside of 
Belgium, the tax will be due by the party giving the order, save where evidence is provided that the tax 
was already paid. 
The tax rate is in principle 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments (such as bonds) and 0.35 
per cent. for transactions in other securities, with a maximum amount of respectively EUR1,300 per 
transaction and per party and EUR1,600 per transaction and per party. 
However, the tax referred to above will not be payable if no professional intermediary intervenes in the 
transaction or, even if a professional intermediary intervenes in the transaction, for transactions by 
exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided 
they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status 
and certain Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1, 2  of the Code of various duties 
and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers). Transactions on the 
primary market are not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the FTT). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, 
the participating Member States (including Belgium for the time being) shall not maintain or introduce 
taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the EU Council Directive 
2006/112/EC on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The FTT proposal is still subject to 
negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced a new annual tax on securities accounts (Jaarlijkse taks op de 
effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres). An annual tax of 0.15 per cent. (Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts) will be levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) 
held thereon during a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October 
and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base will be 
established by reference to four reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. 
The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points 
in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference 
points in time.  The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average 
value of the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the average value of the account and EUR 
1,000,000. The tax will target securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and other legal 
entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is 
incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad.  The tax will also apply to securities accounts held by 
non-resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial intermediary incorporated 
or established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific 
types of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm 
as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium. A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury.

--- Page 295 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
263 
 
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a responsible representative established in Belgium, who 
will be approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable 
for the declaration and payment of the tax and for all other formalities. 
In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, 
the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax, unless the holder can prove that the 
tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or an Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
Certain specific transactions regarding securities accounts executed as from 30 October 2020 were not 
effective vis-à-vis the Belgian tax authorities, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities 
accounts held with the same financial intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments 
held in a securities account in financial instruments in registered form. In addition, a general anti-abuse 
provision was introduced in the Code of various duties and taxes with effect from 30 October 2020. The 
specific anti-abuse provision, as well as the retroactive date of entry into force of the general anti-abuse 
provision in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts were, however, annulled by the Belgian 
Constitutional Court in its decision n° 138/2022 of 27 October 2022. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication in the Belgian State Gazette, which is now also the date on which the general anti-abuse 
provision took effect in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts.  The current reference period 
started on 1 October 2022 and will end on 30 September 2023, with 31 December 2022, 31 March, 30 
June and 30 September 2023 as reference dates. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. 
Belgian estate and gift tax 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Securities transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. However, estate taxes on donated Securities are 
avoided only if a person can demonstrate that the gift (not subject to gift tax) occurred more than three 
years (five years in the Walloon Region) preceding the death of the grantor. 
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Securities on the death of a Belgian non-resident. 
Gifts of Securities in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. 
BULGARIAN TAXATION 
The information provided below regarding certain tax considerations under Bulgarian law is based on 
the laws in force in the Republic of Bulgaria as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
changes in law that may take effect after such date. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the considerations that may be relevant to an investment decision and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors. The acquisition of Securities by non-
Bulgarian holders, or the receipt of income under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the 
country of residence of the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary. Furthermore, the 
receipt of income under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the 
relevant Issuer(s), but in such case the provisions of any effective and applicable treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Investors should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities 
under the laws of their country of citizenship, residence, domicile or incorporation.

--- Page 296 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
264 
 
Summary 
As a general rule and to the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have 
a permanent establishment in Bulgaria), only income realised in relation to the Securities by investors 
who are legal entities and/or individuals resident for tax purposes in Bulgaria (or, as an exception, foreign 
investors who act through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria) may be subject to taxation in Bulgaria. 
Provided that the Issuer(s) is/are not Bulgarian tax residents (nor do they have a permanent establishment 
in Bulgaria), Bulgarian withholding tax will not apply to income under the Securities realised by 
investors (legal entities and/or individuals) who are not Bulgarian tax residents.  
Tax Residence Status of Holders of Securities 
From a Bulgarian tax perspective the mere acquisition, holding or disposal of Securities would not 
qualify a foreign corporate or individual holder as a Bulgarian tax resident.  
In order to qualify as a Bulgarian tax resident under Bulgarian local laws a corporate investor should 
either (i) be incorporated in the Republic of Bulgaria under the applicable Bulgarian laws or (ii) be an 
entity established under Council Regulation (EC) №2157/2001 or (iii) be a cooperative society 
established under Council Regulation (EC) 1435/2003, in case its registered office is within Bulgaria and 
it is entered in a Bulgarian register.  
An individual investor will qualify as a Bulgarian tax resident, without regard to its citizenship, in the 
event that he or she (i) has a permanent address in the Republic of Bulgaria; (ii) resides in the Republic 
of Bulgaria for more than 183 days during each twelve month period, (iii) has been sent abroad by the 
Bulgarian state, its authorities or organisations or by Bulgarian enterprises, or (iv) has a centre of vital 
interest in the Republic of Bulgaria.  
Tax Treatment of Interest Income  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), Bulgarian tax on interest income of corporate holders that are not Bulgarian 
tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Bulgaria (Non-resident Corporate Holders) 
derived under the Securities would not apply. Where any interest income is paid under the Securities to 
a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria said interest 
income will be included in the corporate income taxable base of the relevant entity's permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject to corporate income tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 
per cent. 
Non-resident Individual Investors  
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax residents (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), interest income of non-resident individual investors derived under the 
Securities would not be subject to Bulgarian tax.  
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Irrespective of whether the Securities are traded on a regulated market in financial instruments (as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU) in Bulgaria or in an EU/the European Economic Area (EEA) state (Regulated 
Market), the interest income received by a Bulgarian tax resident corporate holder will be treated as a 
form of business income, and would therefore be included in its financial result. After netting off with 
recognised business expenses, any resulting profit is subject to general corporate tax at a flat rate of 10 
per cent. The Bulgarian resident corporate holder would be liable for payment of the corporate income 
tax (provided its annual financial result is a positive figure), as well as for complying with certain 
reporting obligations under Bulgarian law. The annual corporate income tax, if any, should be paid by 
30 June of the following year, otherwise interest for the delay shall accrue thereon. 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors 
The interest income derived from Securities issued in accordance with the laws and regulations of 
Bulgaria, another EU Member State or another EEA state, and received by a Bulgarian tax resident

--- Page 297 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
265 
 
individual is tax exempt in Bulgaria. Interest income derived from Securities issued in accordance with 
the laws and regulations of a country outside the EU/EEA and received by a Bulgarian tax resident 
individual are subject to Bulgarian personal income tax levied at a flat rate of 10 per cent. 
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors (ednolicen targovetz) 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any interest as a legal entity at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Tax Treatment of Dividend Income  
Non-resident Corporate Holders 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor does it have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria) and relevant dividend income is not paid in relation to and based on equity 
participation in a Bulgaria-tax-resident entity, Bulgarian tax on dividend income of corporate holders 
that are not Bulgarian tax residents and do not have a permanent establishment in Bulgaria (Non-resident 
Corporate Holders) derived under the Securities would not apply.  
Where any dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting 
through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria and if the issuing entity is not resident for tax purposes 
within the EU or EEA, said dividend income will be included in the corporate income taxable base of 
the relevant entity's permanent establishment in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject to corporate income 
tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. (unless an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax 
treaty). Conversely, where dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Non-resident Corporate 
Holder acting through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria and if the issuing entity is resident for tax 
purposes within the EU or EEA, said dividend payments will not be recognised income for Bulgarian tax 
purposes (pass through income) and will not lead to increase of the permanent establishment's taxable 
result in Bulgaria. 
Non-resident Individual Investors  
Unless the relevant Issuer(s) of Securities is a Bulgarian tax resident, dividend income of non-resident 
individual investors derived under the Securities would not be subject to Bulgarian tax.  
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
Where any dividend income is paid under the Securities to a Bulgaria-resident corporate holder and if 
the issuing entity is not resident for tax purposes within the EU or EEA, said dividend income will be 
included in the corporate income taxable base of the relevant holder in Bulgaria which, in turn, is subject 
to corporate income tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. (unless an exemption is granted under an 
applicable double tax treaty). Conversely, where dividend income is paid under the Securities to a 
Bulgaria-resident corporate holder and if the issuing entity is resident for tax purposes within the EU or 
EEA, said dividend payments will not be recognised income for Bulgarian tax purposes (pass through 
income) and will not lead to increase of the Bulgarian holder's taxable result in Bulgaria. 
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors 
Unless an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax treaty, any dividend income realised by 
a Bulgarian tax resident individual is subject to Bulgarian tax levied at a flat rate of 5 per cent. 
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors (ednolicen targovetz) 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any dividend income with Bulgarian tax levied at a flat rate of 5 per cent. (unless 
an exemption is granted under an applicable double tax treaty). 
Tax Treatment of Capital Gains  
Non-resident Corporate Holders

--- Page 298 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
266 
 
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not a Bulgarian tax resident (nor do they have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), capital gains income from disposal of Securities realised by Non-resident 
Corporate Holders would not be subject to Bulgarian tax unless such income is realised by the relevant 
Non-resident Corporate Holders through a permanent establishment in Bulgaria. In the latter case, the 
capital gains realised through disposal of Securities by a Non-resident Corporate Holder acting through 
a permanent establishment in Bulgaria would be included in the corporate income taxable result of the 
permanent establishment which – if positive (i.e. if there is profit realised) - is subject to corporate income 
tax in Bulgaria at the rate of 10 per cent. 
Non-resident Individual Holders  
To the extent that the Issuer(s) is/are not Bulgarian tax residents (nor do they have a permanent 
establishment in Bulgaria), capital gains income from disposal of Securities realised by non-resident 
individual holders would not be subject to Bulgarian tax. 
Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders 
The tax treatment of capital gains from the disposal of Securities realised by a Bulgaria-tax-resident 
corporate holder, will be the same as the tax treatment of the interest income from Securities described 
above with respect to Bulgaria-resident Corporate Holders. The capital gains will be treated as a form of 
business income of the Bulgaria-tax-resident corporate holder and will be included in its taxable result. 
Should the taxable result be a positive figure, the Bulgarian investor would be liable for a payment of 10 
per cent. corporate tax thereon.  
Bulgaria-resident Individual Investors  
As a general rule under the Bulgarian Law on Personal Income Taxation, income derived by a Bulgaria-
tax-resident individual as a result of disposal of financial instruments shall be exempt from taxation with 
Bulgarian personal income tax. For the purposes of said exemption 'disposal of financial instruments' is 
defined to include: (i) transactions with shares in collective investment schemes and national investments 
fund (as defined by law), and with shares, warrants (meaning instruments granting their holder the right 
to subscribe shares upon capital increase) and state-issued securities carried out on a Regulated Market; 
(ii) transactions completed under the terms and procedures for re-purchase by collective investment 
schemes admitted for offering in Bulgaria or in another EU Member State or EEA party; (iii) transactions 
completed under the terms and procedures for re-purchase (including distribution of money upon 
liquidation of a closed-type national investment fund) by national investment funds admitted for offering 
in Bulgaria; (iv) transactions completed under the terms and procedures for takeover bids regulated under 
the Bulgarian Law on Public Offering of Securities, or for similar transaction in another EU Member 
State or EEA party. 
The income of Bulgaria-tax-resident individuals derived from transfer of Securities which do not fall 
under the exemptions described above shall be subject to personal income tax at 10 per cent, as part of 
the overall annual income.  
Special Treatment of Sole Proprietors (ednolicen targovetz) 
An individual who is a Bulgarian tax resident and with regards to the Securities is acting as sole proprietor 
(ednolicen targovetz) within the meaning of the Bulgarian Commerce Act, whether registered or not, is 
subject to taxation for any capital gains as a legal entity at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Bulgarian value added tax, registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar duty payable in 
Bulgaria as a consequence of the receipt of interest income from Securities, or holding or disposal of 
Securities.  
Under Bulgarian law, the transfer of Securities by way of succession (through corporate reorganisation 
of a legal entity or inheritance of an individual) does not trigger separate transfer tax, except for 
inheritance taxes that may be due in the case of succession by individual holders who are Bulgarian tax 
residents. 
Application of Double Tax Treaties

--- Page 299 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
267 
 
Bulgaria has a number of double tax treaties in place with various jurisdictions (including the USA and 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg). Each investor should seek further tax advice from qualified advisor(s) 
on whether any such double tax treaty may apply with respect to a particular type of income derived from 
the Securities, and if such application may allow the investor to avail of a tax relief from taxes which 
would otherwise be levied in Bulgaria or in another relevant jurisdiction (e.g. the country where the 
relevant Issuer(s) is/are resident for tax purposes). 
CZECH REPUBLIC TAXATION 
General 
The following text is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
ownership and disposition of Securities (the Discussion) by their holders who are Czech tax residents, 
beneficially own, within the OECD meaning of this term, any income from such Securities, and who, if 
they are individuals, have held their Securities as private investment and not as part of their business 
assets (a Czech Holder). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any 
specific features of any of the Securities or any facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular 
purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in the Czech Republic and applicable on the date of this 
Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect.  Due to the absence of 
statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the Czech tax treatment of 
structured instruments, such as Securities, significant aspects of the tax treatment of an investment in 
these Securities are uncertain. Therefore, prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of the Czech Republic and 
each country where income from Securities can become subject to tax. 
Application of special bonds tax regime 
In 2021, new Czech income tax rules for the taxation of bonds came into effect. According to these rules, 
income from bonds is classified and taxed strictly by reference to the Czech bonds regulations. However, 
these regulations do not consider securities to be bonds if the right to repayment of a certain amount, 
which is linked to such securities, depends even partially on the occurrence of a certain event. Therefore, 
except in cases of a full capital protection ensuring that a holder’s investment is returned at redemption 
or maturity under all circumstances, it can be reasonably argued that this new tax regime does not cover 
instruments with complex payoff structures, such as Securities. This Discussion assumes that the special 
bonds tax regime does not apply to Securities. 
Classification of Securities and income from them 
This Discussion assumes that Securities are treated as debt securities (other than bonds) for Czech tax 
purposes and that the income from them is considered as interest income. However, alternative 
treatments are possible, and even if the general characterisation of the relevant Securities as debt is 
respected there may nonetheless be uncertainty about specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant 
Securities. 
Czech interest income sourcing rules 
Interest is considered as Czech source income if it is paid by a Czech tax resident or a Czech permanent 
establishment of a non-resident. As such, there can be uncertainty as to whether the appointment of a 
paying agent or similar person in the Czech Republic could cause the interest to have a Czech source 
and become subject to withholding tax. However, it can be argued that the sourcing rules have not been 
designed to establish a paying-agent withholding tax system. Accordingly, interest income should be 
treated as having a Czech source only if the relevant Issuer is resident in the Czech Republic for tax 
purposes or if it has a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic and there is an economic link 
between Securities on which the interest is paid and that permanent establishment. This Discussion 
assumes that none of the Issuers is resident in the Czech Republic or has a permanent establishment in 
the Czech Republic. 
Czech income taxation 
Withholding tax on interest

--- Page 300 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
268 
 
All payments of interest in respect of Securities can be made by the Issuer without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed or assessed in the Czech Republic. 
Czech Holders – Individuals 
The interest accruing on Securities is subject to taxation in the Czech Republic when such interest is paid 
to the Czech Holders who are individuals. 
The gross amount of interest income (including any tax withheld abroad and not reduced by any 
expenses) is treated as capital income. Such income is included in a general tax base of the Czech Holder 
which is subject to progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech 
Holder's income bracket (the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK 1,935,552, in 2023). 
However, the Czech Holders may decide to include the gross amount of interest into a separate tax base 
designated for taxation of certain foreign-sourced income in which case a flat personal income tax of 15 
per cent. will apply. The Czech tax law does not provide for any unilateral foreign-tax credit or a similar 
arrangement and, therefore, any double taxation relief must be resolved solely according to an applicable 
Czech tax treaty, if any. 
Unless exempt from tax, capital gains realised by Czech Holders upon sale of Securities are subject to 
progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech Holder's income bracket 
(the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK 1,935,552, in 2023). Any loss will generally be 
treated as non-deductible, except where such loss is compensated by taxable gains on the sales of other 
securities in the same year and the income from the sale of Securities is not tax-exempt. 
Capital gains realised by a Czech Holder from the sale of Securities are exempt from Czech personal 
income tax if: 
(a) 
the individual has held such Securities continuously for more than three years before their sale; 
or 
(b) 
the total gross income (i.e. not a gain) from the sale of securities (including Securities) in one 
calendar year does not exceed CZK 100,000. 
If the income from the sale of the Securities is tax exempt and such income exceeds CZK 5,000,000, 
then the Czech Holder must report such income to the tax authorities. 
Czech Holders – Corporations (holders other than individuals) 
Interest derived from Securities is included in the general tax base of the Czech Holder, which is subject 
to corporate income tax at a flat rate of 19 per cent., in 2023. The Czech Holders are generally required 
to recognize the interest in its profit and loss statement on an accrual (as opposed to cash) basis. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of Securities are included in the general tax base, which is subject to 
corporate income tax at the flat rate of 19 per cent., in 2023. No exemption from tax is available and 
losses are generally tax deductible. 
A different regime may apply to certain corporations (e.g., pension funds, investment funds). 
Stamp, duty, transfer and other similar taxes 
No Czech stamp duty, registration, transfer or similar taxes will be payable in connection with the 
acquisition, ownership, sale or disposal of Securities by Czech Holders. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Securities issued 
to holders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France. This information is of general nature and 
aims at addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income arising from the 
Securities and certain transfer tax implications relevant in case of physical delivery in respect of the 
Securities. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive 
effect. Investors should be aware that the summary below is of a general nature and does not constitute

--- Page 301 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
269 
 
legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to 
consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the Securities. 
Withholding tax 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Securities are treated as debt instruments 
for French tax purposes; the Issuer(s) and the Guarantor(s) are not (and will not be) French residents 
for French tax purposes and the Securities (and any transaction in connection therewith) are not (and 
will not be) attributed or attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or fixed place of 
business in France of any Issuer(s) or the Guarantor(s); and that the Holders of the Securities are French 
tax resident individuals. 
Payments of interest and other similar revenues in respect of the Securities made by any Issuer(s) and 
the Guarantor(s) will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any French political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
However, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French tax code, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) 
is established in France or in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed by the French 
individual Holder to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf, and subject to certain exceptions, 
interest and other similar revenues received by such individual Holder who is fiscally domiciled in France 
are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax composed of individual income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent. (which 
is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made) and social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) levied at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per 
cent. 
Interest or similar revenues must be reported by the French individual Holder in his annual tax return to 
be filed during the following year for final computation of the income tax. 
If the French individual Holder expressly and irrevocably elects to the progressive individual income tax 
regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the flat tax, the above-mentioned 30 per cent. flat tax 
withheld would be regarded as a prepayment and further offset against the individual income tax due by 
the taxpayer, in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable 
income of the year of their payment. 
French financial transaction tax and transfer tax 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled, redeemed or repaid by 
way of physical delivery of French shares issued by an issuer whose registered office is located in France 
or certain assimilated securities. 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code (the 
Financial Transaction Tax) is applicable, subject to certain exemptions, at a rate of 0.3 per cent. to any 
acquisitions for consideration of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A 
of the French monetary and financial code or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital assimilés) as 
defined by Article L.211-41 of the French monetary and financial code which are listed on a regulated 
market and issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France and whose market capitalisation 
exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding the imposition (the French Shares) or (ii) 
securities (titres) representing French Shares, irrespective of the location of the registered office of the 
issuer of such securities. If the Financial Transaction Tax applies to the acquisition of French Shares, this 
transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) provided under Article 726 
of the French tax code (the Transfer Taxes) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale 
of shares issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France, PROVIDED THAT in case of 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, Transfer Taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by 
a written deed or agreement. 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. It does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to a decision

--- Page 302 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
270 
 
to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may 
apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and 
as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche, the following section only provides some very generic information on 
the possible tax treatment and has to be read in conjunction with the more specific information on the 
taxation of each Series or Tranche of Securities as provided in the applicable Issue Terms. Furthermore, 
the taxation of the different types of Securities may differ from each other. The following summary only 
describes the tax treatment of Securities in general and certain particularities with respect to individual 
types of Securities. Where the term "certificates" is used in the following summary it refers – according 
to a German understanding of the term – to certain types of Securities linked to an underlying. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, the ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities and 
the receipt of interest thereon, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of 
Germany and each country of which they are residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to tax. Only 
these advisers will be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation of the 
respective holders of the relevant Securities. 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest/Capital gains 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding such Securities as private assets (Private Investors) 
who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) 
qualifies as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) according to Sec. 20 para. 1 German 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is, in general, taxed at a separate flat tax rate of 25 per 
cent. according to Sec. 32d para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also 
referred to as flat tax), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. The 
German flat tax regime is currently under review of the German Federal Constitutional Court (BVerfG) 
after the Lower Saxony Finance Court in Hanover held that the withholding tax on capital gains violated 
the principle of equal treatment and was therefore unconstitutional (Submission order dated 18 March 
2022 (docket no. 7 K 120/21)). 
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities, including the original issue discount 
and interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Security and credited separately (Accrued Interest, 
(Stückzinsen)), if any, qualify – irrespective of any holding period – as investment income pursuant to 
Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are also generally taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 per cent., 
plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the Securities are assigned, 
redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage 
in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or redemption price 
(after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) and 
the acquisition price of the relevant Securities. Where the relevant Securities are issued in a currency 
other than Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted 
into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, 
assignment or redemption date respectively. If the Issuer(s) exercise(s) the right to substitute the Issuer(s) 
of the Securities, the substitution might, for German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the 
Securities for new notes issued by the new Issuer(s). Such a substitution could result in the recognition 
of a taxable gain or loss for the respective investors. 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) 
related to interest payments or capital gains under the Securities are – except for a standard lump sum 
(Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders) – in principle not 
deductible.

--- Page 303 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
271 
 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities can only be 
set-off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not possible in the 
assessment period in which the losses have been realised, such losses can be carried forward into future 
assessment periods only and can be set-off against investment income including capital gains generated 
in these future assessment periods. The offsetting of losses incurred by a Private Investor is subject to 
several restrictions. Losses incurred with respect to the Securities can only be offset against investment 
income of the Private Investor realised in the same or the following years.  According to new legislation 
losses from capital claims of private investors can now be offset against income derived from capital 
investments up to an amount of EUR20,000.00 p.a. Further, loss from Securities which qualify as 
derivative transactions (Termingeschäfte) may only be applied against profits from other derivative 
transactions, and only up to an amount of EUR20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding any of these 
thresholds can be carried forward. The Federal Fiscal Court (Bundesfinanzhof) considers loss offsetting 
restrictions for losses on the sale of shares to be unconstitutional and has submitted the question by 
decision of 17 November 2020 (docket no. VIII R 11/18) to the German Federal Constitutional Court 
(BVerfG) for a decision on constitutionality. 
Particularities apply with respect to so-called full risk certificates with several payment dates. According 
to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium) dated 19. May 2022 
(IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 20 December 2022 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003:011)), all payments to the investor under such full risk certificates that are made prior to 
the final maturity date shall qualify as taxable income from an "other capital receivable" (sonstige 
Kapitalforderung) pursuant to Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act, unless the offering terms 
and conditions stipulate that such payments shall be redemption payments and the parties act accordingly. 
If there is no final redemption payment, the final maturity date shall not constitute a sale-like event in 
the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. Therefore, capital losses, if any, shall not be 
deductible; however, based on case law a non-payment on a security due to certain thresholds being 
breached or an early termination of a security for this reason without any further payment shall be treated 
like a disposal resulting in the acquisition costs of such security being treated as a tax-deductible loss. 
Although this decree only refers to certain types of certificates, the German tax authorities apply the 
above described principles to other kinds of certificates as well. However, according to the decrees dated 
23 January 2017 (IV C 1 – S 2252/08/10004:018) and 12 April 2018 (IV CI-5 2252/08/10004:021) the 
German Federal Ministry of Finance now accepts losses in connection with the expiration of option rights 
(including options with knock out character) and respective warrants as well as certain derivative 
transactions which may also affect other financial instruments.  
Further, the German Federal Ministry of Finance in its decree dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003:009, marginal number 61)) (as amended) has taken the position that a bad debt loss 
(Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) shall, in general, be treated as a 
sale, so that losses suffered upon such bad debt loss or waiver shall be deductible for tax purposes. It is 
not clear, whether the position of the German tax authorities may affect securities which are linked to a 
reference value in case such value decreases.  
Withholding 
If Securities are held in custody with or administered by a German credit institution, financial services 
institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading 
company or securities trading bank (Disbursing Agent), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per 
cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the Disbursing Agent 
on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption (after the 
deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) over the 
acquisition costs for the relevant Securities (if applicable converted into Euro terms on the basis of the 
foreign exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption date 
respectively). Church tax is collected by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private 
Investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses against investment income including capital 
gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient investment income derived through the same 
Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the holder of Securities may – instead of having a loss carried 
forward into the following year – file an application with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the

--- Page 304 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
272 
 
current fiscal year for a certification of losses (Verlustbescheinigung) in order to set-off such losses 
against investment income derived through other institutions in the holder's personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
If Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will – by way of 
withholding – apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon (whether or 
not presented with the relevant Security to which it appertains) to a holder of such coupon (other than a 
non-German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In this case proceeds from the 
sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities will also be subject to the withholding of the 
flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Security filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump sum of 
current Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders) to the extent the income does not exceed the 
maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no flat tax will 
be deducted if the holder of a Security has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid certificate of non-
assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent tax office. 
For Private Investors, the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g. if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor's income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 20 
December 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :011) marginal numbers 143,183), however, any exceeding 
amount of not more than Euro 500 per assessment period will not be claimed on grounds of equity, 
PROVIDED THAT no other reasons for an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income 
Tax Act exist. Further, Private Investors may request that their total investment income, together with 
their other income, is subject to taxation at their personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat 
tax rate, if this results in a lower tax liability (Günstigerprüfung). According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 
German Income Tax Act the flat tax rate is also not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax 
rate is assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). In order to prove such investment income and the 
withheld flat tax thereon, the investor may request from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in 
officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding flat tax (e.g. if there is no Disbursing Agent) must be 
included in the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the 
investment income to be subject to taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the 
investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income 
Tax Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income 
Tax Act. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding the relevant Securities as business assets (Business 
Investors) who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, 
statutory seat or place of effective management and control is located in Germany) and capital gains from 
the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities, including the original issue discount and Accrued 
Interest, if any, are subject to income tax at the Business Investor's personal, progressive income tax rate 
(plus currently 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), or, in case of 
corporate entities, to corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon). Such interest payments and capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the 
relevant Securities form part of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale,

--- Page 305 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
273 
 
assignment or redemption of Securities are, in general, recognised for tax purposes; this may be different 
if certain (in particular index linked) Securities qualify as derivative transactions.  
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's personal, progressive or corporate income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge 
in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential 
surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to further requirements, no withholding 
deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities if (i) such 
Securities are held by a corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 
German Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from such Securities qualify as income of a domestic 
business and the investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form 
according to Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug). 
Where notes qualify as zero bonds and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the difference 
between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be taken 
into account as income. 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, foreign 
taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on Securities and capital gains, including Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to 
German taxation, unless (i) the relevant Securities form part of the business property of a permanent 
establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the holder 
of the relevant Securities; (ii) the investment income otherwise constitutes German-source income; or 
(iii) the relevant Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or 
proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities are paid by a Disbursing 
Agent upon presentation of a coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-German bank or 
financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a tax regime similar to 
that explained above under "Tax Residents" applies. 
Insofar as the prerequisites for a limited tax liability are not met in the case of non resident who has 
capital income, no withholding tax is to be withheld by the Disbursing Agent for this income, even if the 
relevant Securities are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent (cf. margin number 313 of the decree 
dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 20 December 
2022 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :011)). However, where the investment income is subject to German 
taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph and the relevant Securities are held in a custodial account 
with a Disbursing Agent or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, withholding tax is levied as explained above under 
"Tax Residents". The withholding tax may be refunded based upon German national tax law or an 
applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Security will arise under the laws of Germany if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Security is not attributable to a trade or business 
for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, 
in Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of Securities. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) 
is not levied in Germany. Germany and other EU Member States intend to introduce a financial 
transaction tax (see below). However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually 
introduced. In case such tax is introduced, the acquisition and disposal of Securities (in the secondary 
market) could be subject to a tax of at least 0.1 per cent. of the acquisition or disposal price.

--- Page 306 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
274 
 
EU Residents 
The EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income has been repealed as of 
1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). 
However, the Council of the European Union has also adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the Amending 
Cooperation Directive), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of 
taxation so as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime in accordance with 
the Global Standard released by the OECD Council as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of 
Austria). Germany has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial 
Account Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz, FKAustG) according to which it 
will provide information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states as of 
1 January 2016. 
Solidarity surcharge 
Please note that the solidarity surcharge is partially abolished as of the assessment period 2021 for certain 
individuals (Law on the return of the solidarity surcharge 1995 of 10 December 2019 - Federal Law 
Gazette 2019 I  pg. 2115). The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment 
income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-
business Holders of Securities tax resident in Germany is lower than 25 per cent. such Holder can apply 
for his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which 
case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition 
and ownership of Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws 
currently in force in Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective effect. The acquisition of Securities by non-Hungarian holders, or the 
payment of interest under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of 
the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Securities 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary 
and each country of which they are residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident individual holders) 
Foreign resident individual holders are subject to personal income tax in Hungary if they realise income 
that qualifies as Hungarian sourced income (i) in accordance with an applicable tax treaty; or, (ii) in the 
absence of a tax treaty, in accordance with Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the Personal 
Income Tax Act).  
If a tax treaty is applicable, then Hungary's taxation right has to be determined based on the treaty. If the 
income is taxable in Hungary – which is generally the case if the income qualifies as interest or dividend 
under the treaty – then 15 per cent. Hungarian withholding tax applies but such tax rate may be reduced 
by the treaty. In the absence of a tax treaty generally any income realised on the Securities is subject to 
15 per cent. withholding tax in Hungary. Please note, however, that the Hungarian tax rules and taxation 
practice are rather ambiguous in relation to source taxation of non-residents' capital income.  
The tax on payments of certain income types are to be withheld by the Payor (kifizető) (as defined 
below). 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation (ART) a Payor means a Hungarian resident legal 
person, organisation or private entrepreneur who provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with

--- Page 307 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
275 
 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. The Hungarian permanent 
establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor.  
Interest, as defined by Schedule 7 of the ART (which implements the provisions of the Savings 
Directive), realised on Securities by citizens of any other Member State is not subject to Hungarian tax 
where a paying agent based in Hungary provides data to the Hungarian state tax authority on the basis of 
Schedule 7 of the ART. 
Please note that the provisions of the applicable double tax conventions, if any, should be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Proceeds from Securities paid to foreign resident corporate holders who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, by resident legal entities or other persons and any capital gains realised by 
such foreign resident holders on the sale of the Securities is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary 
is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The tax liability of Hungarian tax resident private individuals covers the worldwide income of such 
persons.  
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of tax resident individual holders 
of Securities, interest, dividends and the capital gains realised upon the redemption or the sale of publicly 
offered and publicly traded debt securities is subject to personal income tax at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Securities listed on a regulated market of a Member State are considered publicly offered and traded 
Securities. In addition, in the case of tax resident individual holders of Securities, interest paid and yield 
and capital gains realised with respect to debt securities purchased following 30 June 2023 is subject to 
social contribution tax at the rate of 13 per cent. 
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
"Payor" (kifizető) (as defined below) to withhold tax on the certain payments to individual holders.  
Pursuant to the ART the definition of a Payor covers a Hungarian resident legal person, other 
organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that 
is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, "Payor" shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) 
(legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases 
where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer or payment.  
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident taxpayers have a 
full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary 
(i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary 
are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holder on Securities will 
be taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holder. The general corporate tax rate 
in Hungary is flat 9 per cent. 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax and innovation tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on Securities.

--- Page 308 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
276 
 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax and stamp duty tax consequences of 
ownership of the Securities. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently 
in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The statements 
in this summary are based on the understanding that Securities will be treated as debt for Irish tax 
purposes. This summary applies to Holders who beneficially own Securities as an investment. Particular 
rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities including dealers 
in Securities and trusts. This summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below 
are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to 
any particular holder of Securities. Prospective investors in any Securities should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
Taxation of Holders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer(s) will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax 
from payments of interest on any Securities so long as such payments do not constitute Irish 
source income. Interest paid on Securities should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer(s) is/are resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer(s) has/have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or 
income of which is used to fund the payments on such Securities; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer(s) is/are not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such 
Securities is maintained in Ireland or (if the Securities are in bearer form) the Securities 
are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) none of the Issuer(s) are, or will be, resident in Ireland for tax purposes; 
(ii) none of the Issuer(s) will have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) 
bearer Securities will not be physically located in Ireland and none of the Issuer(s) will maintain 
a register of any Registered Securities in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per 
cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, 
funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends 
or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial holder of the Securities (i) is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or 
(ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Securities 
As the Issuer(s) will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document 
effecting a transfer of the Securities so long as (i) the Securities do not derive their value or the 
greater part of their value directly or indirectly from any immovable property situated in Ireland 
and (ii) the instrument of transfer of the Securities does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; 
or 
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than a company which is (i) an "investment undertaking" within the meaning of section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (TCA) or (ii) a "qualifying company" within 
the meaning of Sections 110 of the TCA.

--- Page 309 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
277 
 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Securities. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.  
Prospective Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same 
English term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed 
by using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English 
terms. 
Italian tax treatment of the Securities 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Holder transfers to the Issuer(s) a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation 
of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at 
maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Holders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments. 
Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" 
Securities which provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early redemption) 
Italian-resident Holders 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree No. 239) provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) (i) issued, inter 
alia, by companies with shares listed on an EU or EEA regulated market or multilateral trading facility, 
or in case of issuers whose shares are not listed therein (ii) listed in the aforesaid EU or EEA regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility or (iii) held by "qualified investors" pursuant to Article 100 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not less than their principal amount (whether 
or not providing for interim payments) that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in 
the management of the relevant Issuer(s) or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any 
type of control on such management and that do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked 
to the profits of the issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect 
of which the securities have been issued. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (TUIR) (i.e. partnership other than a società in nome 
collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium 
and other income relating to Securities, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to tax, 
referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified

--- Page 310 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
278 
 
as "net recipients" (unless the Holders referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so called "risparmio gestito" regime according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 
of 21 November 1997, as amended (Decree No. 461) – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the event that 
Holders described under (i), (ii) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
relevant Securities are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 of 
TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Securities are effectively 
connected and such Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other 
income from such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Holder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) 
and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also to the regional tax on 
productive activities (IRAP). 
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 410 
of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the 
Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the Real Estate Funds PROVIDED THAT the Securities are timely deposited directly or indirectly 
with an authorised intermediary. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up 
to 26 per cent. (the Real Estate Fund Tax) on distributions made by a Real Estate Fund and, in certain 
cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate 
Fund owning more than 5 per cent. of the Real Estate Fund’s units or shares.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a 
Real Estate Fund) a SICAF (an investment company with fixed share capital other than a Real Estate 
Fund) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (the Fund) and 
either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the 
relevant Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
accrued during the holding period on such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must 
be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such 
results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., will apply, in certain circumstances to distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax). 
Where an Italian resident Holder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Securities are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such Securities and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the Pension 
Fund Tax). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an Intermediary) as subsequently 
amended and integrated.

--- Page 311 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
279 
 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Securities. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Securities includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Securities or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which such Securities are deposited. 
Where the Securities are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Holder. If interest, premium and other income on the Securities 
are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva 
is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners qualified as "net recipient" will be required to include 
interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Securities 
that qualify as obbligazioni or tioli similari alle obbligazioni to a non-Italian resident Holder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are affectively connected. 
If the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
interest or premium on such Securities, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of 
Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital Gains Tax – Italian Resident Holders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities would be treated as part 
of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Holder, also as part 
of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the relevant 
Securities are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Holder is (i) an individual not holding Securities in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution any capital gain realised by such Holder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of such 
Securities would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under some 
conditions and limitations, Holders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the  Securities, if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently 
amended and restated from time to time. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Holders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident Holders pursuant

--- Page 312 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
280 
 
to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the relevant Securities carried out during any given tax 
year. These Holders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. As an alternative to the tax 
declaration regime, Italian resident individual Holders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
relevant Securities (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by Article 6 of the Decree No. 
461. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Securities being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election for 
the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Holder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Holder or using funds provided by the Holder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the Holder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Holders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Securities, to an authorised intermediary 
and have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of 
Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Holder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Italian Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to the Real Estate Fund Tax; in certain cases, a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund owning more than 5 per 
cent. of the Real Estate Fund’s units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but 
the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply under certain circumstances. 
Any capital gains realised by a Holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject 
to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Securities may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders from the sale or redemption of Securities are not 
subject to Italian taxation, PROVIDED THAT the relevant Securities (i) are traded on regulated markets, 
or (ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Moreover, even if the Securities are held in Italy, no Italian imposta sostitutiva applies on any capital 
gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities if the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner of the Securities with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are 
effectively connected is resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows an adequate 
exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities and is listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree

--- Page 313 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
281 
 
dated 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made 
by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017) (the White List). The same exemption applies where 
the beneficial owners of the Securities are (i) international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors 
established in countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayers in 
their own country of residence; or (iii) central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected elect for the risparmio gestito or 
are subject to the risparmio amministrato, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon 
condition that they provide in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional 
statements may be required for non-Italian resident Holders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Securities are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities. In such a case, in order to 
benefit from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold 
the Securities with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio 
gestito or are subject to the risparmio amministrato, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato shall automatically apply, unless 
it is expressly waived, where the Securities are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian 
resident authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a 
foreign intermediary. 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Holders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer(s) and would thus 
be subject to the tax regime described in the following paragraphs of this section. 
Securities issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor pursuant to the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee. Securities issued by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CBNA will not be guaranteed by any 
entity. 
Securities which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early 
redemption) 
Italian-resident Holders 
In case of Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli 
atipici) pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 (Decree No. 512) and payments in respect 
of such Securities received by Italian Holders would be subject to the following regime: 
(a) 
if the Securities are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual Holder holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. 
final withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or 
financial intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, 
in the repurchase or in the transfer of the Securities; 
(b) 
if the Securities are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the 
Securities are not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary 
(that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or in the 
transfer thereof) and no withholding tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners will be

--- Page 314 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
282 
 
required to declare the payments in their income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. The Italian individual Holder may elect instead to pay ordinary 
IRPEF at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the Holder 
should generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities that are classified as atypical securities, if the Securities are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to Italian resident Holder which is (i) 
an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of a foreign entity to which the 
Securities are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in 
such cases, payments must be included in the relevant Holder’s ordinary Italian taxable business taxation 
and the Holders are generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any withholding tax applied outside 
Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
No Italian withholding tax is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Securities issued 
by the issuer that qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli atipici) to a non-Italian resident Holder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are affectively connected. 
If the Securities are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
interest or premium on such Securities, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of 
Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Holder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other 
intermediary a self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial 
instruments 
Italian-resident Holders 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian investors (not engaged in a commercial activity (esercizio di attività commerciali) to which the 
Securities are connected) as well as capital gains realised by such Italian investors on any sale or transfer 
for consideration of the Securities or redemption thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. capital gain tax, 
which applies under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), the risparmio 
amministrato tax regime or the risparmio gestito tax regime according to the same rules described above 
under the section "Capital Gains Tax" above. 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
Italian investors which carry out commercial activities are not subject to the 26 per cent. capital gain tax, 
but are included in the relevant Holder’s ordinary Italian taxable business taxation and the Holders are 
generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any capital gain tax applied outside Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Holders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities executed on 
regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to Italian taxation, regardless of whether the Securities 
are held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital 
gains, non-Italian resident Holders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio amministrato tax regime or are subject to the 
risparmio gestito regime, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial

--- Page 315 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
283 
 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Holders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities not executed on 
regulated markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be 
taxable in Italy, if the Securities are held in Italy. In that case, the tax regime applicable to Securities 
representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments is the same 
described above under the caption "Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Holders". 
Securities that cannot be qualified as securitised derivative financial instruments, may qualify as "atypical 
securities" (titoli atipici), whose tax regime is described under section "Securities representing debt 
instruments implying a "use of capital" - Securities which do not provide for full reimbursement of the 
issue price (at maturity or upon early redemption)" above. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
EUR 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR 1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended 
and restated from time to time, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of EUR 200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the Decree No. 201), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for the Securities deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a 
rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed EUR 14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp 
duty is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Securities held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2021) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers 
at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory.

--- Page 316 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
284 
 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting from 
2020, Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of 
IVAFE to Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnership and equivalent entities, in addition 
to Italian resident individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of such Securities held outside the 
Italian territory or where the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value 
of the Securities. The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at EUR 14,000 per year for taxpayers other 
than individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the IVAFE due). The 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Securities held 
abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies 
in the case that at the end of the tax year, Securities are no longer held by the above Italian resident 
individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required with respect to Securities deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into 
through their intervention, PROVIDED THAT the same intermediaries apply a withholding tax or 
imposta sostitutiva on any income derived from the Securities. 
Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) depending on the features of the Securities 
Pursuant to Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a FTT applies to (a) transfer of ownership of shares and 
other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing 
the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident 
issuers or not) (the Relevant Securities), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main underlying 
assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or more Relevant 
Securities, as well as to (c) any transaction on certain securities (i) which allow to mainly purchase or 
sell one or more Relevant Securities or (ii) implying a cash payment determined with main reference to 
one or more Relevant Securities. 
Securities could be included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the requirements set out 
above. On the other hand, Securities falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the FTT. 
The FTT on derivative instruments is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the 
relevant instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 
200 per transaction. The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the 
transaction is performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU and EEA 
member States. The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. FTT exemptions 
and exclusions are provided for certain transactions and entities. 
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any 
way, in the execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to 
apply the FTT can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary 
is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT must be paid by the taxpayers. Investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers also on the possible impact of the FTT. 
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information

--- Page 317 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
285 
 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Securities. 
The reference to interest as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any 
other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section: 
Affiliated Entities shall mean: 
(i) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; 
or 
(ii) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by:  
(A) 
the same other entity; or  
(B) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a 
natural person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(iii) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(iv) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(v) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory 
of the Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(vi) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - 
a company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an "Affiliation") 
Exercising a Significant Influence shall mean: 
(i) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(A) 
shares in the capital; or 
(B) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(C) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their 
expectative, including participation units and investment certificates; or 
(ii) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal 
person or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(iii) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the PIT Act), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax).

--- Page 318 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
286 
 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days 
in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by a 
Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive 
tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, 
but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within 
the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax upon any 
interest payment.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting 
as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities; this principle also applies 
to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in 
Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that 
establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those 
cases to be analogous to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income 
(revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income 
(revenues) from:  
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of 
the place where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property; 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic 
of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from 
the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from 
them; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective 
investment undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from 
receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties;

--- Page 319 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
287 
 
7. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar 
rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
8. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of 
Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
9. 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland.   
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland 
and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. 
Since the Issuer(s) is/are not a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Securities should not be 
considered as earned in the territory of Poland, unless specific situation occurs (e.g. the 
Securities are admitted to public trading in Poland). 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, according to the established practice, 
foreign entities do not act as Polish withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities 
operate by way of a branch that constitutes a tax establishment in Poland). Therefore, it should 
not be expected that the Issuer(s) will collect the withholding tax. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual 
is obliged to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter 
"Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the 
amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax 
is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. 
This rule also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign 
establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Securities referred 
to herein) registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax 
remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the 
Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such 
taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Securities referred to herein) in the annual tax return if 
the Securities were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed 
to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, 
but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(b) 
Income from the Securities other than interest  
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Securities against a consideration, 
derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Securities, 
held as non-business assets, qualify as capital gains according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. Such 
income does not cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is

--- Page 320 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
288 
 
subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal 
of securities is calculated as the difference between the sum of revenues from a transfer of 
securities against a consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant 
provisions of the PIT Act  under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act.  Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 
of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates 
from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal control 
authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the 
Securities) against a consideration.  Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end 
of April of the year following the tax year in which the income was earned.  No tax or tax 
advances are withheld by the person making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total.  The levy must be calculated and settled by 
the individuals themselves. 
If an individual holds the Securities as a business asset, in principle, income other than interest 
such as income from a transfer of Securities against a consideration, should be treated as income 
from business activities and should be subject to tax in the same way as other business income. 
The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending 
on the choice and meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the 
individuals themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire income 
of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in 
Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organised 
and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
(i) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of 
the taxpayer; or 
(ii) 
powers of attorney; or 
(iii) 
Affliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Securities, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income.  As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on 
a cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has accrued.  Income from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract.  
According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in 
the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognised when the corresponding revenue has been 
achieved.  The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount 
and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from 
the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Securities, including 
their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT

--- Page 321 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
289 
 
Act).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is 
included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers, taking into consideration 
the appropriate source of income (the lower rate does not apply to incomes classified as capital incomes 
– Article 7b of the CIT Act). 
Although, in principle, no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate 
income taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-
rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of 
all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Securities held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall 
include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
5. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
7. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations.

--- Page 322 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
290 
 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland.  However, since the Issuer(s) 
is/are not a Polish entity, income from the Securities should not be considered as earned in Poland 
and no Polish withholding tax should apply, unless specific circumstances occur, e.g. the Securities 
are admitted to public trading in Poland. 
If income from the Securities is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special exemption for Securities meeting special conditions 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject 
to limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; and 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system 
within the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in 
the territory of Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax 
convention concluded with Poland which regulates the taxation of income from 
dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the 
Issuer(s) of such securities, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other Affiliated 
Entities, more than 10 per cent. of the nominal value of those securities. 
Under Art. 26.1aa of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or 
discount in respect of the securities meeting the above requirements 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24 of the PIT 
Act). 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption 
In the absence of the exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the 
Securities earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in 
the case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case 
of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act). Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, 
other than individuals not acting within the scope of their business activity, should withhold this 
tax and a similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus 
Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such 
interest income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in 
said accounts, and the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities.  Although 
it is considered that foreign entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed 
provision, this obligation applies to non-residents to the extent they operate a permanent 
establishment in Poland and the account, on which securities are registered, is linked to the 
activity of this permanent establishment.  Similar provisions concerning interest payments to 
individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.   
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to 
income (revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the 
PIT Act).  To benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer

--- Page 323 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
291 
 
should present a valid certificate of its tax residence.  As a rule, the tax residence certificate is 
considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require 
additional documentation in order to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, 
such as the confirmation of the recipient's beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners.  Pursuant to Art. 
4a.29 of the CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an 
entity meeting all of the following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently 
about its purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable 
or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually 
obliged to transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts actual business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are 
obtained in connection with the conducted business activity, whereas when assessing 
whether the entity conducts actual business activity, the nature and scale of such activity 
in the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act 
and Art. 30f. 20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where 
actual business activity is defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will 
be taken into account by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those 
factors include: 
(i) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing 
enterprise that actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in 
particular, it possesses premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing 
business activity; 
(ii) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any 
business activity; 
(iii) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its 
actual business activity; 
(iv) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have 
economic justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business 
interest of the taxpayer; and 
(v) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, 
including managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency.  
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income 
tax on capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax 
resident of a given country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts.  Also, 
in cases where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax 
residents (natural persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to 
interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be 
withheld.  Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the 
aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus 
Account holder.  Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on 
Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from

--- Page 324 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
292 
 
the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to 
receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign 
establishment in Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law 
should apply that are analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with 
some necessary additional requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with 
a certificate of tax residence along with a declaration that the interest is related to the 
establishment's activities). 
Pay & Refund 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, 
the following regime applies. 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on 
account of the items listed in Art. 21.1.1of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on 
securities) and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax 
year of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a 
flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) 
from the excess over that amount, without being able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an 
appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or rates resulting 
from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the Pay & Refund). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of 
PLN 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment 
was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, 
the Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, 
with respect to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, not longer 
however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts 
or Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 
days before the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between 
them and the taxpayer and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing 
this information are required to update it before making the payment in the event of a change in 
the circumstances covered by the information. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on 
the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies.  
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Pay & Refund does not apply if the payer has declared 
that: 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax 
exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax 
rate resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any 
grounds for the assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of 
applying the tax rate or tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double 
tax treaties, in particular it is not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the 
fulfilment of certain conditions referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the

--- Page 325 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
293 
 
interest/discount recipient is their beneficial owner and, if the interest/discount is 
obtained in connection with the business activity conducted by the taxpayer, that in the 
country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act 
or a designated member of such head being a collegiate body (e.g. the Issuer's management 
board).  The declaration cannot be made by proxy.  The declaration is to be made by in electronic 
form not later than on the last day of the second month following the month in which the 
threshold specified above was exceeded, however, the performance of this obligation after the 
payment is made does not release the payer from the obligation to exercise due diligence before 
the payment is made. (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the 
taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as 
a result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant 
documents and declarations.  When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities 
shall carry it out within six months. 
Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Securities 
meeting certain conditions referred to in the section Special exemption for Securities meeting 
special conditions above. 
(b) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous Pay & Refund. 
(c) 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain 
capital profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to 
a corporate entity resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to 
withhold tax at 19 per cent. rate calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens  is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 
March 2019 on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for 
corporate taxation purposes. 
ROMANIAN TAXATION  
The following text is a high-level summary of certain Romanian tax aspects and considerations relating 
to the Securities. 
This information is of a general nature and it does not purport to be a comprehensive analysis of all 
relevant tax aspects that has to be considered when deciding to invest in Securities. This summary is 
based on the provisions of the Romanian fiscal legislation in force as of 4 December 2023. 
This summary does not describe any tax aspects resulting from the tax laws of any other state than 
Romania. 
Investors are, under all circumstances, strongly advised to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Securities. 
The summary below assumes that the Issuer(s) of the Securities is/are not a tax resident in Romania and 
the Securities are not issued via a Romanian branch/permanent establishment of the Issuer(s). 
Romanian withholding tax on certain payments 
Interest income received by a non-resident person from a Romanian resident is subject to withholding 
tax. Starting from the premise that the Issuer(s) is/are not resident for tax purposes in Romania and it has

--- Page 326 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
294 
 
no permanent establishment in Romania, the payments made by the Issuer(s) in respect of interest, 
premiums, principal, dividends, capital gains will not be deemed made from Romania. 
Taxation of resident individual holders 
Individuals who are tax resident in Romania or non-resident citizens who meet the conditions of fiscal 
residence according to Romanian legislation, respectively the residency criteria provided in the Fiscal 
Code, are subject to personal income tax in Romania on their worldwide income. Therefore, Romanian 
individual holders would be subject to personal income tax due on their investment income arising from 
the holding, redemption, sale or any other transaction with the Securities. 
Taxation of income from the transfer of securities and derivative instruments obtained by natural 
persons – starting with 2023 
(a) 
If the natural person obtain income from securities or from derivative instruments; 
(b) 
if they are obtained through intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation, 
investment management companies, self-managed investment companies, managers of 
alternative investment funds, Romanian tax residents or non-residents who have a permanent 
establishment in Romania that has the quality of an intermediary - hereinafter referred to 
authorised entities or through other types of entities (e.g. non-resident intermediaries). In 2023, 
the fiscal news only covers transactions carried out through these authorised resident entities; 
or 
(c) 
if they are obtained from Romania or from abroad. 
Starting with 2023 for revenues obtained from Romania 
The following are considered to have been obtained from Romania, regardless of whether they are 
received in Romania or abroad: 
(a) 
income from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial instruments, issued by 
Romanian residents. 
Any participation title and any financial instruments qualified as such by the relevant legislation 
of the state in which they were issued are considered securities. 
(b) 
income from operations with derivative financial instruments, made through an intermediary 
defined according to the relevant legislation, a Romanian tax resident or a non-resident who has 
a permanent establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, with which the 
natural person has opened an account. 
Operations with financial instruments means any transfer, exercise or execution of a financial 
instrument, defined by the relevant legislation of the state in which it was issued, regardless of 
the market/trading place where the operation takes place. 
Derivative financial instruments traded on the over the counter (OTC) market include, but are not limited 
to, the following: 
(a) 
forward on the exchange rate without delivery at maturity; 
(b) 
exchange rate swap; 
(c) 
interest rate swap; 
(d) 
options on the exchange rate without delivery at maturity; 
(e) 
interest rate options; 
(f) 
options on shares or stock indices; 
(g) 
options on other underlying assets (for example: commodities);

--- Page 327 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
295 
 
(h) 
binary options; 
(i) 
forward rate agreement; 
(j) 
share swap; 
(k) 
or any combinations thereof. 
For tax purposes, they are included in the category of derivatives traded on the over the counter (OTC) 
market and margin trades. 
Exemptions from taxation 
The tax code stipulates that the income obtained from the ownership and transfer of financial instruments 
that certify the public debt of the state, as well as of the administrative-territorial units, including repo 
and reverse/repo operations with these instruments, are not taxable income, regardless of the 
market/place of trading where the operation takes place. 
Calculation of gain/loss 
Gains from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial instruments 
The gain/loss on the transfer of securities is the positive/negative difference realised between the disposal 
value/sale price and their tax value, as applicable, by type of securities, which includes transaction costs 
and related ownership transfer costs securities loan, proven with supporting documents. 
In the case of transfers of securities denominated in foreign currency, the exchange rate used to determine 
the gain and the related tax is the exchange rate communicated by the BNR valid for the day of the 
determination of the gain. 
In the case of the transfer of ownership of securities, the gain/loss is determined as the positive/negative 
difference between the sale price and the tax value, represented by the purchase price, defined in rules 
approved by joint instructions issued by the president of the Financial Supervision Authority and the 
minister public finances. 
In the case of the transfer of the ownership of the participation titles to the collective investment bodies, 
the gain/loss is determined as the positive/negative difference between the sale/redemption price and the 
tax value, represented by the purchase/subscription/issuance price which also includes trading expenses 
/subscription, defined in rules approved by joint instructions issued by the president of the Financial 
Supervision Authority and the minister of public finance. 
The moment of determining the gain/loss 
The determination of the gain/loss from the transfer of securities, other than derivative financial 
instruments, is carried out, as the case may be: 
(a) 
on the date of conclusion of the transaction, based on the supporting documents, by the 
intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation, investment management 
companies, self-managed investment companies, managers of alternative investment funds, 
Romanian tax residents or non-residents who have an office in Romania permanently acting as 
an intermediary, if the operation is carried out through one of these entities; 
(b) 
on the date of payment of the transaction price, based on the supporting documents, by the 
income beneficiary, if the operation is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in 
letter (a); 
(c) 
on the date of conclusion of the short sale transaction, regardless of the way in which it is settled, 
by the entities provided for in letter (a), based on supporting documents, in the case of short sale 
transactions. If the transaction is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in letter 
(a), the determination of the gain/loss is carried out by the income beneficiary, based on 
supporting documents;

--- Page 328 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
296 
 
(d) 
on the date of payment of the commission related to the securities loan operation provided for 
in the loan contract, in the case of the securities loan operation. The determination of the gain is 
made by the entities provided for in letter (a), based on the supporting documents. If the 
operation is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in letter (a), the determination 
of the gain is carried out by the income beneficiary, based on the supporting documents; 
(e) 
on the date of establishing the redeemable value of the shares, in the case of the redemption of 
shares in collective investment bodies, by the entities referred to in letter (a) If the operation is 
not carried out through one of the entities referred to in letter (a), the obligation to determine the 
gain/loss rests with the beneficiary of the income; 
(f) 
at the time of the conclusion of the transaction, based on the supporting documents, in the case 
of the transfer of the right of ownership of the shares to the collective investment bodies as a 
result of their trading on regulated markets or alternative trading systems, by the entities referred 
to in letter (a) . If the transaction is not carried out through one of the entities provided for in 
letter (a), the obligation to determine the gain/loss rests with the beneficiary of the income. 
Establishing the income from operations with derivative financial instruments, carried out through 
intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation 
Profit/Loss from operations with derivative financial instruments represents the positive/negative 
difference between the income realised from the closed positions and the expenses related to these 
positions, highlighted in the account, for each type of contract and maturity, regardless of whether it has 
reached maturity or not. 
In the case of derivative financial instruments that provide for periodic settlements between the parties, 
without closing the position, the gain/loss from operations with such financial instruments represents the 
positive/negative difference between the incomes realised on the occasion of periodic settlements and 
the related expenses, highlighted in the account. 
The determination of the gain/loss from operations with derivative financial instruments is made by the 
intermediary, as defined by the relevant legislation, Romanian fiscal resident or non-resident who has a 
permanent establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, at the time of each 
transaction, on the basis supporting documents. 
The income from operations with closed positions with derivative financial instruments represents the 
actual receipts from all these operations, with closed positions, highlighted in the income recipient's 
account, less principal receipts. 
Establishing the income from operations with derivative financial instruments, which are not carried 
out through intermediaries defined according to the relevant legislation 
Profit/Loss from operations with derivatives that are not carried out through an intermediary defined 
according to the relevant legislation, a Romanian fiscal resident or a non-resident who has a permanent 
establishment in Romania that has the capacity of an intermediary, is determined for closed positions 
starting from the first day of trading of the fiscal year up to and including its last trading day. 
The profit/loss from operations with derivative financial instruments represents the positive/negative 
difference between the revenues realised from the closed positions and the expenses related to these 
positions, highlighted in the account, for each type of contract and maturity, regardless of whether it has 
reached maturity or not. 
The determination of the gain/loss is carried out in the case of derivative financial instruments that 
provide for periodic settlements between the parties, without closing the position, within a fiscal year. 
The determination of the gain/loss is carried out annually, cumulatively, at the end of the fiscal year, by 
the income recipient, based on supporting documents. 
Tax rate - transfers of securities and derivatives - for transactions carried out through authorised 
intermediaries

--- Page 329 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
297 
 
Income in the form of gains from the transfer of securities and operations with derivative financial 
instruments, determined for transfers/operations carried out through intermediaries defined according to 
the relevant legislation, investment management companies, self-managed investment companies, 
managers of alternative investment funds, residents Romanian taxpayers or non-residents who have a 
permanent establishment in Romania that has the quality of an intermediary, are imposed through 
withholding tax as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of securities: 
(i) 
by applying a rate of 1 per cent. on each gain from the transfer of securities that have 
been acquired and disposed of in a period greater than 365 days, inclusive, from the date 
of acquisition; 
(ii) 
by applying a rate of 3 per cent. on each gain from the transfer of securities that were 
acquired and disposed of within a period of less than 365 days from the date of 
acquisition; 
(b) 
in the case of operations with derivative financial instruments: 
(i) 
by applying a rate of 1 per cent. on each gain from carrying out operations with derivative 
financial instruments held for a period greater than 365 days, inclusive, from the date of 
acquisition; 
(ii) 
by applying a rate of 3 per cent. on each gain from carrying out operations with derivative 
financial instruments held for a period less than 365 days from the date of acquisition. 
To determine the period in which they were held, it is considered that the securities and financial 
instruments are sold/repurchased in the same order in which they were acquired, respectively first in - 
first out, for each symbol. 
The fiscal value is determined by applying the weighted average price method, including the costs related 
to the transfer/operation, on each token, regardless of the holding period. 
The obligation to calculate and withhold income tax rests with intermediaries, for each transfer/operation. 
The income tax calculated and withheld at source is declared and transferred to the state budget by the 
intermediaries up to and including the 25th of the month following the month in which it was withheld 
and is final tax. 
The losses obtained from the transfer of securities and from operations with derivative financial 
instruments, carried out through the mentioned entities, as the case may be, are not carried forward and 
are not compensated, they represent definitive losses of the taxpayer. 
If we refer to transactions carried out through resident intermediaries, the tax will be withheld at source 
by them. The losses obtained and not compensated until 1 January 2023 from these transfers/operations 
carried out through these entities are not carried forward, they represent definitive losses regardless of 
the date they were recorded. 
If we are talking about non-resident intermediaries, natural persons will still have the obligation to 
calculate, declare and pay income tax. 
Tax on dividends 
It is paid when investing in companies, ETFs or Investment Funds that distribute dividends. 
The amount of tax on dividends varies depending on where the company or fund that distributes the 
dividends has its registered office: in Romania or abroad. 
Tax on dividends paid by companies or funds in Romania 
Starting from 1 January 2023, dividends are taxed at a rate of 8%, and the tax is withheld at source.

--- Page 330 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
298 
 
The tax is withheld and transferred directly to the state on behalf of the investor by the company 
that distributes it, and the net difference of 92 per cent. of the dividends is received by the investor 
in the accounts of the broker in which he owns the shares. 
Contribution for Social Health Insurance (CASS) 
The Social Health Insurance Contribution has a more special regime because it is paid only when the 
cumulative income obtained by an individual, from one or more sources, exceeds a certain threshold. 
As a result, in order to determine whether CASS is also due, to the gains from the investments listed 
above, the gains obtained from: independent activities, intellectual property rights, association with a 
legal person, assignment of the use of goods (rental), agricultural activities, forestry and fish farming, 
trading with cryptocurrencies or other sources. 
This means that even if the cumulative income from dividends and from the transfer of securities does 
not exceed the threshold for CASS, there is still the possibility that the health contribution will be due if 
the sum of all types of income mentioned above exceeds the thresholds below. 
The tax rate for CASS is 10%. applied to the total amount of income collected throughout the year 
(a) 
If the incomes are below the level of 6 gross minimum wages per country, no CASS is due- 
3000 ron is minimum salary starting with 1 January 2023 - 30 September 2023, starting with 1 
October 2023 the minimum salary is 3300 ron; 
(b) 
If the incomes are between 6 and 12 gross minimum wages per country, the basis for calculating 
CASS is the level of 6 gross minimum wages; 
(c) 
If the incomes are between 12 and 24 gross minimum wages per country, the CASS calculation 
basis is the level of 12 gross minimum wages; 
(d) 
If the earned income exceeds 24 gross minimum wages, the CASS calculation basis is the level 
of 24 gross minimum wages per country. 
Taxation of resident entities holders 
Resident entities which are tax resident in Romania (i.e. if they are incorporated in Romania or if they 
have their effective place of management in Romania or if they are legal entities incorporated according 
to European legislation with registered office in Romania) will be subject to corporate income tax on 
their worldwide income, including any income and gains resulting from the holding, redemption, sale or 
any other transaction with the Securities. The applicable tax rate is 16 per cent. The tax loss incurred by 
these entities can be carried forward for 7 consecutive years. 
The taxable base for corporate tax purpose is computed as the difference between revenues and expenses 
registered by entities as per the accounting rules, adjusted with tax items. Therefore, the corporate tax 
consequences deriving from holding, redemption, sale or any other transaction with the Securities is 
dependent also on the accounting treatment applied to such Securities, especially as regards the 
recognition of the related revenues and expenses. 
The Romanian fiscal legislation, exempt from corporate income tax, in certain conditions, the incomes 
derived from dividends and from evaluation/revaluation/sale of shares. 
The Romanian fiscal legislation, states that the losses incurred by a company from selling receivables is 
deductible within the limit of 30 per cent. In case of credit institutions, if receivables are partially covered 
by provisions or taken off from the balance sheet and then sold, 70 per cent. of the difference between 
the value of receivable and their selling price represents taxable income.  However, starting 14 May 2020 
this restriction does no longer apply to transfers of government securities, bonds and other debt 
instruments that give the holder a contractual right to collect cash, the expenses recorded from such 
transfers being deductible when calculating the tax result. 
Relief for withholding tax paid in a foreign country in relation with Securities may be available if 
Romania has in place a double tax treaty in place with the country where the tax was withheld. The relief

--- Page 331 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
299 
 
is granted under the form of deduction from and within the limit of the corporate income tax due in 
Romania. 
Note that, legal entities with an annual income lower than RON equivalent of EUR 500,000 as at 31 
December of the previous year, fall under the obligation to pay tax for micro-entities of 1 per cent. (if it 
has at least 1 full-time employee) applied to income obtained (except certain income specifically 
provided) without possibility to deduct expenses.   
Taxation of non-residents 
Non-resident (legal entities and/or individuals carrying on independent activities) will be subject to tax 
in Romania in respect of income derived from the Securities, in case they have a permanent establishment 
in Romania to which the Securities are attributable. 
Stamp duties, transfer taxes, other taxes 
There are no stamp duties, transfer taxes or other taxes due in Romania in connection with acquisitions 
and transactions with Securities, other than those mentioned above. 
SLOVAKIAN TAXATION 
The below comments have been prepared based on the following assumptions: neither of the Issuers is a 
tax resident in the Slovak Republic and has a permanent establishment in the Slovak Republic; the 
customers who will buy the Securities on the Slovak market are treated as the Slovak tax residents; the 
income derived from Securities held by the Slovak investors is sourced abroad; and neither of the Issuers 
has employees in Slovakia.  
General tax obligations of Investors 
Filing of personal / corporate income tax returns in Slovakia 
In general, the tax period in Slovakia is a calendar year unless the taxpayer applies the financial year for 
accounting purposes. The tax period of financial year is applicable only for corporate taxpayers. The 
statutory deadline for filing a tax return is three months following the end of the tax period, i.e. if the tax 
period is a calendar year by 31 March of the following year. This deadline can be extended by 3 months 
based on a written application. An extension by 6 months is applicable if the taxpayer has income sourced 
abroad.  
Avoidance of double taxation 
Please note that the income sourced abroad may be subject to withholding tax (WHT) in the country of 
source of income. Amount of applicable WHT may be decreased based on the provisions of the Double 
Taxation Treaty (DTT) concluded between Slovakia and country of source of income.   
To apply the correct amount of WHT the foreign Issuer(s) may request the Slovak investor to present the 
tax residency certificate proving that the investor is the Slovak tax resident and benefits from DTT's 
protection.  
Should income received by the Slovak investor be provably taxed abroad, the foreign tax may be either 
credited against the Slovak tax liability or the income taxed abroad may be exempted from tax in 
Slovakia. The method of elimination of the double taxation of income is stipulated in the respective DTT. 
Tax withheld in a non-treaty country cannot be neither credited nor deducted from gross income. 
Individual investor 
Slovak tax residents are liable to pay tax in Slovakia on their worldwide income.  
Generally, tax returns are not required if total taxable income does not exceed certain minimal threshold 
(EUR 2,289.63 in 2022 and EUR 2,461.41 in 2023) with exception of the taxpayer that declared a tax 
loss. 
Please note that the personal income tax and insurance contributions in Slovakia (if any) are borne by 
the Investor (not Issuer(s) of Securities).

--- Page 332 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
300 
 
Tax rate 
Personal income tax rate is 19 per cent. on part of annual tax base not exceeding EUR 41,445.46 in 2023 
and 25 per cent. on part of annual tax base exceeding this level. Interest income and similar income from 
capital assets is subject to 19 per cent. tax rate, irrespective of taxpayer's tax base.  
Starting from 2017 (transitional provisions apply), dividends and similar types of income are subject to 
7 per cent. tax rate, or 35 per cent. tax rate if paid by an entity from a non-cooperative country. 
Tax base 
The determination of tax base and applicable tax exemptions stipulated by the Slovak Income Tax Act 
varies depending on the type of income. 
The Investor is obliged to include income derived from Securities in the Slovak personal income tax 
return type B depending on type of income as follows: 
(i) 
Separate tax base from capital income according to Article 7 of the Slovak Income Tax Act (19 
per cent. tax rate) includes inter alia income from interests and other revenues from Securities, 
revenues from redemption of shares certificates. The mandatory paid health-care insurance, if 
applicable, may be deducted from taxable income. 
(ii) 
Partial tax base from other income according to Article 8 of the Slovak Income Tax Act (19 per 
cent. / 25 per cent. tax rate) includes inter alia income from the transfer of options, transfer of 
Securities, transfer of participation (interest) in a limited liability company, limited partnership 
or from the transfer of membership rights of a cooperative, income from derivative operations. 
The tax base is determined as a taxable income reduced by provably incurred expenses up to the 
taxable income (a loss is tax non-deductible). 
(iii) 
Separate tax base from profit shares (dividends) according to Article 51e of the Slovak Income 
Tax Act (7 per cent. / 35 per cent. tax rate). 
Losses from sale of assets (security, bonds etc.) can be offset against gains from sale of other assets with 
various limitations. 
Tax exemptions 
Gains from sale of Securities that are traded on regulated market (stock exchange or on a similar foreign 
regulated market) for more than 1 year are tax-exempt if (i) the period between acquisition and sale of 
the Securities exceeds 1 year and (ii) the period between their admission to a regulated market and the 
sale exceeds 1 year, PROVIDED THAT the Securities did not form a part of the Investor's business 
assets. 
Further, gains from sale of Securities (less explicitly stipulated expenses) not qualifying for the above 
exemption are tax exempt up to EUR 500 per calendar year. However, should the taxpayer declare also 
rental income or income from occasional activities, the exemption would apply preferably on these types 
of income while the aggregated amount of exemption for all of the abovementioned types of income 
cannot exceed EUR 500. 
Health-care insurance 
Please note, that certain types of income from Securities (other income according to Article 8 of the 
Slovak Income Tax Act and selected types of income under Article 7 of the Slovak Income Tax Act) are 
subject to 14 per cent. health-care insurance. The mandatory paid health-care insurance, if applicable, 
may be deducted from taxable income. 
Corporate investor 
Tax rate

--- Page 333 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
301 
 
The capital gain generated from the sale of Securities is subject to a general 21 per cent. or in special 
cases reduced 15 per cent. corporate income tax rate (for the application of the reduced rate, the total 
revenues generated in a financial year shall not exceed EUR 49,790). 
The dividends received from / paid to the entity from a non-cooperative country are subject to 35 per 
cent. tax rate. 
Tax base 
In general, the capital gain generated from the sale of Securities is subject to 21 per cent. or in special 
cases 15 per cent. tax rate and acquisition value of Securities, up to the revenues generated by the sale, 
is treated as tax deductible expense (in most cases any loss is tax non-deductible). 
A special tax regime is applicable to taxpayers authorised to trade with Securities under the special 
regulation who may treat the acquisition value of Securities recognised as cost as tax deductible expense, 
i.e. the loss is treated as tax deductible. 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the main Spanish tax implications deriving from the ownership, transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of the Securities referred to in this Base Prospectus by individuals or legal 
persons who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and by Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT) 
taxpayers acting, with respect to the Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
This summary is based on the Spanish law in force as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
and on the administrative interpretations thereof, and therefore is subject to any changes in such laws 
and interpretations thereof occurring after that date, including changes having retroactive effect. In 
particular, this description is based on the provisions established in the Individual Income Tax Law (the 
IIT Law) (Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, as amended), the Corporate Income Tax Law (the CIT 
Law) (Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, as amended) and in the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law 
(the NRIT Law) (approved by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004, as amended) and does 
not take into consideration any special regime applied by individuals or legal persons (such as financial 
entities, exempt entities, cooperatives, individuals who acquire the Securities by reason of employment, 
pension funds, collective investment in transferrable securities or look-through entities).  
In addition, the following section does not cover those tax laws in force in the Spanish Basque provinces 
and Navarra as well as the particularities in force in the Spanish autonomous communities (comunidades 
autónomas), or the special rules applicable to transactions among related persons for Spanish tax 
purposes. 
Accordingly, this summary is for general information only and does not purport to be a tax advice, thus 
prospective investors in the Securities should consult their own tax advisors as to the applicable tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities, including the effect of tax 
laws of any other jurisdiction, based on their particular circumstances. Also prospective investors should 
note that the appointment by an investor in Securities, or any person through which an investor holds 
Securities, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Securities in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in 
relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
For the purposes of our analysis, we have assumed that the relevant Issuer is, in the case of Citigroup 
Inc. and CGMHI, a company resident for tax purposes in the United States and for the purposes of the 
Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the United States for the Avoidance of Double Taxation 
and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income signed on 22 February 1990, as 
amended in October 2019, and entitled to its benefits, and, in the case of CGMFL, is resident for tax 
purposes in Luxembourg and for the purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and 
on Capital and the Prevention of Fiscal Fraud and Evasion signed on 4 August 1987, as amended in 
May 2010, and entitled to its benefits, that the Issuers do not act with respect to the Securities through a 
permanent establishment in Spain, that the proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the Issuers, 
and that the investors in the Securities are resident in Spain for tax purposes or NRIT taxpayers acting, 
with respect to such Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain.

--- Page 334 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
302 
 
Spanish tax resident individuals 
(a) 
Individual Income Tax (IIT) (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
The Spanish IIT is regulated by the IIT Law and supplemented by the IIT Regulations approved 
by Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, as amended (the IIT Regulations). 
The Securities are deemed securities (activos financieros), in accordance with the definition set 
forth in Article 91 of the IIT Regulations and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
and hence the rules provided with regard to securities must be taken into consideration. 
According to Article 25.2 of the IIT Law and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
interest as well as income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Securities 
obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes will be deemed income from 
movable property and therefore will be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base and 
taxed, together with the other savings income obtained by such investor in that same tax year, 
at a flat tax rate of 19 per cent. on the first EUR6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between 
EUR6,000.01 to EUR50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between EUR50,000.01 and 
EUR200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between EUR 200,000.01 to EUR 300,000 and 
28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of EUR 300,000.01. 
As a general rule, income earned by Spanish resident individuals under the Securities should 
qualify as interest payments. In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident 
individuals should be subject to withholding tax at a 19 per cent. rate on account of IIT 
(creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding the above, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of IIT on payments made to Spanish resident 
individuals, interest payments under the Securities should be only subject to withholding tax in 
Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income 
derived from the Securities, PROVIDED THAT such income had not been previously subject 
to withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when the Securities (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are admitted to trading 
on a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit yield, holders can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or 
reimbursement of the Securities, save in respect of income derived from accounts entered into 
with financial institutions, PROVIDED THAT such accounts are based on financial 
instruments, such as the Securities. However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of 
the Securities has occurred within the 30-day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon 
payment date such holders may not be eligible for such withholding tax exemption. 
Holders of Securities shall compute the gross interest obtained in the taxable base of the tax 
period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. Income arising on the transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of Securities will be calculated as the difference between (i) the 
transfer, redemption or reimbursement value of such Securities (deducting the additional costs 
and expenses incurred in the transfer, if they are duly justified) and (ii) their acquisition or 
subscription value (adding the additional costs and expenses incurred in the acquisition, if they 
are duly justified). 
Should a holder of Securities acquire homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior 
or subsequent to the transfer of such Securities, negative income that may derive from such 
transfer cannot be included in his or her IIT taxable base until the homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
The net taxable income related to interest derived from the Securities shall be determined by 
deducting the management and deposit expenses from the gross income, excluding those 
pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.

--- Page 335 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
303 
 
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with 
the IIT Law or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by 
Spain may apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Net Wealth Tax) (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Only individual holders of Securities would be subject to the Net Wealth Tax as legal persons 
are not taxable persons under Net Wealth Tax.  
Relevant taxpayers will be individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of 
the place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain whose net 
wealth is higher than EUR 700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from Net Wealth 
Tax. 
Taxpayers should include in their Net Wealth Tax self-assessment the Securities (assuming they 
qualify as debt instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i) 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth quarter; 
and 
(ii) 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums). 
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the 
deductible in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the 
personal debts of the taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 to 3.5 per cent. 
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth 
exempt from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied 
in their territory. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (IGT) (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift will 
be subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the IGT Law (Ley 29/1987, de 18 de diciembre, 
del Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones), without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on several factors such as pre-existing 
heritage of the heir or donee, or the kinship with the deceased or the donor. Additionally, it 
should be taken into consideration that IGT management has been transferred to the Spanish 
Autonomous Regions therefore, a detailed analysis in each specific case should be carried out 
to analyse the applicable regional legislation since there might be differences in respect of the 
final taxation under IGT depending on the region in which an investor resides. 
Please bear in mind that, in case the Securities are deemed to be exercisable in Spain, non-
resident individuals who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift may also be subject to the 
Spanish IGT. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Securities. 
Legal persons resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to IGT, thus the income that 
they may obtain from gift or inheritance, as the case may be, will be subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax (CIT) on the market value of Securities received, PROVIDED THAT the legal 
persons obtaining such income are Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
(d) 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (STLF) (Impuesto temporal de solidaridad de las 
grandes fortunas) 
STLF is a NWT's complementary tax which is levied on individuals holding a world-wide net 
wealth of EUR 3,000,000.

--- Page 336 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
304 
 
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's net wealth (exceeding EUR 
3,000,000) shall be taxed at a tax rate between 1.7 and 3.5 per cent. 
Individuals whose tax residence is located in Spain will be entitled to a EUR 700,000 rebate to 
their taxable base (i.e. STLF will be triggered for a net wealth exceeding EUR 3,700,000) and 
to deduct taxes paid abroad with certain limitations. 
STLF quota together with the NWT and the IIT quotas, shall not surpass 60% of the IIT taxable 
base. If said summation exceeds said threshold, the STLF quota could be reduced up to 80%. 
After applying said limitations, it could be deducted from the final STLF Tax quota: (i) any 
taxes paid abroad following the NWT relevant provisions and without prejudice of the 
dispositions contained in any double tax treaty or international appliable legislation and (ii) the 
NWT quota effectively paid.  
As STLF has been conceived as a temporary tax it will only accrue on 31 December of 2022 
and of 2023 but could be extended to subsequent tax years if deemed appropriate. 
Spanish legal persons subject to Corporate Income Tax (CIT) (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Interest and income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of Securities obtained by legal 
entities resident for tax purposes in Spain and regarded as CIT taxpayers shall be computed as taxable 
income of the tax period of its accrual, in accordance with the rules contained in the CIT Law and 
supplemented by the CIT regulations, approved by Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015 (the CIT 
Regulations). 
The general CIT rate for Spanish CIT taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. However, certain CIT taxpayers, 
such as banks and investment funds, may be subject to higher or lower CIT rates. Taxpayers with an 
annual net turnover higher than EUR 20 million or who are taxed jointly under a CIT group will be 
subject to a minimum 15 per cent. effective CIT rate of the adjusted taxable base (additional requirements 
or limitations may apply depending on the nature and circumstances of a given taxpayer). Please note 
that the CIT Law allows further reduction of this minimum taxation threshold by offsetting, among 
others, international double tax credits if any are available. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with the CIT Law or any 
applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by Spain may apply in respect 
of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
As a general rule, interest payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Securities shall 
be subject to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent establishment are 
not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident entities, interest 
payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Securities should be only subject to 
withholding tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived from 
the Securities, PROVIDED THAT such income had not been previously subject to withholding tax in 
Spain. 
However, when (i) the Securities are represented in book-entry form and are admitted to trading on a 
Spanish secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed Income Market (MARF); or (ii) 
the notes are listed on a market in an OECD member state; holders who are corporate income taxpayers 
can benefit from a withholding tax exemption in respect of interest payments and income arising from 
the transfer or redemption of the Securities, exception made of income derived from accounts entered 
into with financial entities, PROVIDED THAT such accounts are based on financial instruments, such 
as Securities. 
Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
The acquisition of shares of a Spanish listed company trading on a regulated market in Spain, any other 
Member State of the European Union, or on a market in a third country if the market is considered to be 
equivalent, with a market capitalisation greater than 1,000 million euros (Qualifying Shares) and the

--- Page 337 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
305 
 
acquisition of certificates of deposit representing Qualifying Shares (Qualifying Certificates), such as 
American depositary receipts, regardless of the type of market or trading centre where the trades are 
executed (regulated market, multilateral trading facility, systematic internaliser; or OTC transactions), 
are subject, save for certain exceptions, to Spanish FTT at a 0.2 per cent. of the corresponding acquisition 
price (excluding the costs and expenses associated to such transaction). 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Non-resident investors subject to NRIT (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Based on the fact that none of the Issuers are resident in Spain for tax purposes, that the payments of the 
Securities are not effectively allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain of the Issuers and that the 
proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the Issuers, no Spanish NRIT should, in principle, be 
levied on investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, unless they are acting with respect to 
Securities through a Spanish permanent establishment. 
Pursuant to some specific guidelines issued by the Spanish tax authorities, income relating to bonds 
issued by a non-Spanish tax resident issuer could be regarded as remunerating the use of funds in Spain 
(and thus, be subject to Spanish NRIT) depending on the specific activity of the issuer and the effective 
use of funds in Spain and, in particular (pursuant to these guidelines), if a non-Spanish resident special 
purpose vehicle issuing the notes is incorporated by a Spanish group in order to seek finance for the 
benefit of such Spanish group. 
In addition to the above, and in accordance to binding ruling V0185-20 of 27 January 2020, certain 
securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the purposes of the relevant double tax 
treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned above, should not be considered, in general 
terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
According to the general principles of the Spanish NRIT Law, Spanish permanent establishments of non-
Spanish tax resident persons are taxed under the NRIT Law in a similar manner to Spanish CIT taxpayers, 
although some specific rules may apply. Due to the complexity of this matter, non-Spanish tax resident 
investors acting in Spain, with respect to Securities, through a permanent establishment are strongly 
urged to seek appropriate advice in respect of their own tax position in this regard.  
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain for tax purposes or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) (a) acts as depositary of Securities, (b) manages the collection of any income 
under Securities, (c) intervenes in their transfer or (d) carries out the redemption or reimbursement of the 
Securities, on behalf of Holders either (i) resident in Spain for tax purposes or (ii) holding the Securities 
through a permanent establishment located in Spain, such financial institution will be responsible for 
making the relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the relevant 
Securities. The current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, 
can be credited against the final Spanish IIT, CIT or NRIT liability, as applicable to the Holder. 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Other Spanish taxes (indirect taxation) 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption and reimbursement of Securities will be exempt from indirect taxes 
in Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 21 
September 1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
1992, regulating such tax.

--- Page 338 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
306 
 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuer(s) where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or Securities dealer is 
located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant 
for a decision to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective 
Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of 
Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Security are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax PROVIDED THAT 
the respective Issuer(s) is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Securities 
If a Security classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond 
and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each 
other and whether the Security classifies as a structured note with or without a predominant one-
time interest payment: 
(i) 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded 
separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Security classifies 
as a non-transparent structured note and any return over the initial investment classifies 
as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally 
include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the 
principles set forth below under "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment". 
(ii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic 
interest payments and not from a one time interest payment (see below "Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then 
any periodic interest payment and the one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when 
paid to the holder of the Security. A gain, including interest accrued, realised on the sale 
of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss realised on the sale of a Security is 
a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, (see below "Securities held as Private Assets 
by a Swiss resident Holder"). The same applies if the Security is redeemed except that 
interest accrued is taxed when paid. 
(iii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to maturity predominantly derives from a one-time 
interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from 
periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and on the redemption 
or sale of the Security the difference between the value of the embedded bond at 
redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, 
as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing 
at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively (modified 
differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value decrease on the 
embedded bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the Security may be 
offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same 
taxation period from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment. Any

--- Page 339 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
307 
 
residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free 
private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, 
respectively (see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, 
including interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain. A 
loss, realised on the sale of a Security is a non-tax deductible private capital loss (see below 
"Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies as a pure bond with 
a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from 
a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not 
from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic 
interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on 
the Securities (differential taxation method). 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Securities 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Security which classifies as 
a pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise 
price options with a maturity not exceeding one year, pure futures, static Securities replicating 
an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption 
right) and which is held as part of their private assets constitute taxable investment income. Any 
other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss 
(see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Low Exercise Price Options 
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration low exercise price 
options are given if the underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50 per cent. at 
the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year the interest component of the 
low exercise price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(e) 
Fund-like Securities 
A Security classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Security as 
part of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over 
such portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the 
underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised 
on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on 
the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on 
the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss on 
the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within 
a taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a 
non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
Holder").

--- Page 340 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
308 
 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in 
the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for 
the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Securities. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal 
of a Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, realised by 
an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal of a Security held 
as part of his or her private assets is a non-tax deductible capital loss. In the case of a gain or a loss, 
unless such individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a "professional Securities dealer" for 
reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Securities. If an individual is 
classified as a "professional Securities dealer" he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles 
set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax 
exempt capital gains component, non-tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable 
income components of a Security see the bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different 
instruments under "Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder". 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Securities. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issuance of Securities to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not 
subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax, except that the issuance of Securities which classify 
as fund like instruments may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on 
the offering price, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax 
act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Securities (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such 
as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., static Securities replicating an index 
or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) are not subject 
to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Securities which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as 
structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price options on shares with a maturity 
exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 
up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss Securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealing in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax.

--- Page 341 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
309 
 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security is 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. if a Swiss Securities dealer (as 
defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption 
applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Securities may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and 
Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon 
the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and 
inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very 
low rates (up to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging 
from 20 per cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss 
resident holding Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is 
required to report Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may 
be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including the Securities), in the case of non-Swiss resident individual holding Securities as part of a 
Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth 
is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Securities are subject to cantonal and communal 
capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of a non-Swiss resident person holding Securities as part of 
a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. 
No net worth and capital taxes exist at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation 
year has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent 
establishment in Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth 
or capital tax in Switzerland. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by 
means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred 
automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of 
administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. 
On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on 
changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent 
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax 
authorities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
MCAA). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the AEOI). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the AEOI Act) entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the

--- Page 342 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
310 
 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Securities, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or in a treaty state.

--- Page 343 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
311 
 
SECTION F.9 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE 
SHARE COMPANY 
The issuer of the Preference Shares is Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL 
or the Preference Share Company). CGMFL is also an issuer under the Programme and a description 
of CGMFL is set out in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A." above. 
Preference Shares will be issued from time to time in different Classes (each a Class). 
Each issue of Preference Share Linked Securities will give exposure to the performance of a separate 
Class of Preference Shares that in turn have a defined return which will depend on the exposure to one 
or more Preference Share Underlying(s). It is expected that the Preference Share Company will only 
issue a small number of Preference Shares of each Class and that, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, these will be issued fully paid at GBP1.00 each and will be held by Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited or another affiliate of the Issuer until their redemption date. 
A copy of the Preference Share Company's constitutional documents and the terms and conditions of 
each Class of Preference Share (the Preference Share Terms and Conditions) are available to investors 
in the Securities on written request (free of charge) from the registered office of the Preference Share 
Company at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and from the 
distributor of the relevant Securities. If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Preference Share 
Terms and Conditions of the relevant Class of preference shares will also be available on the website 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Preference Share Company may issue redeemable Preference Shares of any kind, including but not 
limited to Preference Shares which have a defined return dependant on the performance of one or more 
underlying asset(s) or reference basis(es) (each a Preference Share Underlying) (which may include, 
but will not be limited to, one or more security indices, one or more commodity indices, one or more 
commodities, one or more shares, one or more depositary receipts, one or more exchange traded fund 
shares, one or more mutual fund interests or one or more currency exchange rates) and will be issued on 
such terms as may be determined by the Preference Share Company and specified in the applicable terms 
and conditions of the relevant Class of Preference Shares. 
The Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class provide that the applicable preference shares 
will be redeemable on their final redemption date at a defined amount as determined in accordance with 
the relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions. The Preference Share Terms and Conditions may 
also provide that the Preference Share Company may redeem the Preference Shares early if: 
(i) 
the performance of the Preference Share Company's obligations under the Preference 
Shares has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited for any reason; or 
(ii) 
a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that results, or will result, in the 
Preference Share Company being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory 
authority, or being subject to any materially onerous additional legal requirement or 
regulation or tax; or 
(iii) 
an early redemption event in respect of a Preference Share Underlying occurs; or 
(iv) 
a financial product issued by the Preference Share Company or any of its affiliates any 
proportion of the return on which matches the return on the Preference Shares or is 
otherwise dependent on the value of the Preference Shares, has or will become subject 
to early redemption or is or will be cancelled. 
The conditions of the Preference Shares contain provisions relating to early redemption events and 
adjustment events relating to the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares 
give investment exposure. Such early redemption events and adjustment events are substantially similar 
to the provisions relating to the equivalent type of Underlying contained in the Underlying Schedules of 
the Conditions of the Securities and consequently, investors should also read the considerations relating 
to Securities linked to the relevant Underlying(s) in these risk factors in order to fully understand the 
provisions relating to such Underlying(s) (and consequently the Preference Share Underlying(s)) and the 
associated risks.

--- Page 344 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
312 
 
If the Preference Shares are redeemed early pursuant to the above, the Issuer will notify holders of the 
Securities in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and each Security will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount determined as specified in Preference Share Conditions 6(d) (Early 
Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an Early Redemption 
Event and the Early Redemption Amount) and 6(e) (Realisation Disruption). 
The value of the Preference Shares is scheduled to be published on each scheduled trading day on the 
Electronic Page specified in the applicable Issue Terms or on such other information source as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The value of the Preference Shares depends on the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Class, the performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares 
give investment exposure and the financial condition and standing of the Preference Share Company. In 
determining the value of the Preference Shares, the Calculation Agent shall employ the calculation 
procedure and methodology set out in the applicable Preference Share Terms and Conditions. Investors 
should review the Preference Share Terms and Conditions to ensure that they understand how the defined 
return and performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) will affect the value of the Preference 
Shares and, therefore, the return on the Securities.

--- Page 345 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
313 
 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
1. 
Type of Security ...................................................................................................................... 320 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title ................................................................................................ 320 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities .................................................................................... 323 
4. 
Status ....................................................................................................................................... 326 
5. 
Interest ..................................................................................................................................... 326 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase ....................................................................................................... 326 
7. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates ................................................................................ 337 
8. 
Payments ................................................................................................................................. 340 
9. 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................. 344 
10. 
Prescription ............................................................................................................................. 349 
11. 
Events of Default..................................................................................................................... 349 
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ......................... 351 
13. 
Replacement of Securities ....................................................................................................... 363 
14. 
Further Issues .......................................................................................................................... 364 
15. 
Notices .................................................................................................................................... 364 
16. 
Consolidation or Merger ......................................................................................................... 366 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor ...................... 367 
18. 
Redenomination ...................................................................................................................... 372 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ...................................................................... 373 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties ............................................................................................................ 375 
21. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 375 
22. 
Italian Listed Certificates ........................................................................................................ 376 
23. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes .................................... 376 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS .............................................. 378 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 378 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 380 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation.......................................................................................................... 380 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 382 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 383 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 383 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS ............................................ 387 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 387 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 387 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation.......................................................................................................... 388 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 388 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 389 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 389 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS ........................................ 392 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 392 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 393 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 393 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 395 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 395 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 395 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ...................................................... 398 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 398 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 401 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 401 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 402 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 402 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 402 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS .................................................................. 403 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 403 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 404 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation.......................................................................................................... 406 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 407

--- Page 346 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
314 
 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 410 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 410 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ..................................... 412 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 412 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 414 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 414 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 416 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 419 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 419 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS ... 422 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 422 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 423 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 423 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 424 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 427 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 427 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS .................................................. 429 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 429 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 432 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation.......................................................................................................... 432 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 432 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 435 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 435 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS .............................................................. 437 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 437 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 438 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 438 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 440 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 440 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 440 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS ......................................................... 448 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 448 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 448 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 448 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 448 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 448 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 448 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS .................................... 449 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 449 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 449 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 450 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 450 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 450 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 450 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS ................ 453 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 453 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 453 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation.......................................................................................................... 454 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 454 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 454 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 454 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS .................................................................. 457 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 457 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 457 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 457 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 457 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 457 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 458 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS ...................................... 460 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 460

--- Page 347 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
315 
 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................. 460 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................... 460 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................ 460 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................... 460 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................. 462 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ............................................... 465 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ....................................................................................... 504 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes .............................................................................................. 506 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes........................................................................................... 510 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................ 514 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ......................................................................................... 517 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................... 521 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ...................................................................................... 525 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................. 529 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes .......................................................................................... 532 
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information......... 536 
11. 
Relevant Time ......................................................................................................................... 536 
12. 
Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events ............................ 537 
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ........................................................................................ 538 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring .............................................................................................................. 539 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms .................................................................................................... 541 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms ......................................................................................................... 542 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms .................................................................................................... 544 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms ........................................................................................ 554 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event ............................................................................................. 555 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ............................................................................................. 555 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions ........................................................................................................ 556 
22. 
Successor Provisions ............................................................................................................... 557 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations........................................................................................................... 567 
24. 
Reference Obligation .............................................................................................................. 569 
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination ............................................................................................ 571 
26. 
Notices .................................................................................................................................... 573 
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ....... 574 
28. 
No frustration .......................................................................................................................... 575 
29. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 576 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS .................................................... 642 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes .............................................................. 642 
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position .......................................................................................... 643 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements ............................................................................. 643 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date .................................................................................... 644 
5. 
Cash Settlement ....................................................................................................................... 644 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller .................................................................................... 644 
7. 
Deemed M(M)R Restructuring ............................................................................................... 644 
8. 
Successors ............................................................................................................................... 644 
9. 
Reference Obligations ............................................................................................................. 644 
10. 
Changes in determination ........................................................................................................ 645 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex ...................................................................................... 645 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption ..................................................................................................... 645 
13. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................... 645 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ............................................................................. 649 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions ........................................................................................ 649 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions ............................................................................................ 782 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event ....................................... 792 
4. 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest Amounts and Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Provisions ............................................................................................................ 793 
5. 
Physical Delivery Securities .................................................................................................... 831 
6. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions ......................................................................................... 839 
7. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ............................................................................................ 840 
8. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments ................................................................................... 843 
9 
Split Payment Conditions ........................................................................................................ 846

--- Page 348 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
316 
 
 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities which 
will include the general conditions of the Securities together with additional terms and conditions 
contained (i) in the case of Security Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 1, (ii) in the 
case of Inflation Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 2, (iii) in the case of Commodity 
Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 3, (iv) in the case of Commodity Linked Securities 
only, in Underlying Schedule 4, (v) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 
5, (vi) in the case of Depositary Receipt Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 6, (vii) in the 
case of ETF Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 7, (viii) in the case of Mutual Fund Linked 
Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 8, (ix) in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, in 
Underlying Schedule 9, (x) in the case of Warrant Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 10, 
(xi) in the case of Proprietary Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 11, (xii) in the case 
of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 12, (xiii) in the case of 
Rate Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 13, (xiv) in the case of Preference Share Linked 
Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 14, (xv) in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, in Underlying 
Schedule 15, (xvi) in the case of Index Skew Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 16 (each of Underlying 
Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16, an Underlying Schedule and together, 
the Underlying Schedules) and (xvii) in the case of all Securities, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
(the Underlying Schedules together with the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the Schedules and each, 
a Schedule) and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, 
as applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below).

--- Page 349 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
317 
 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
References in these General Conditions (the General Conditions) and in the applicable Underlying 
Schedules to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of this Series, which shall be: (i) English 
Law Securities (which Securities, for the avoidance of doubt, include French Cleared Securities) and/or 
Irish Law Securities, and shall mean (a) in relation to any Registered Securities (as defined below) 
represented by a global Security (a Global Registered Security Certificate), units of each Specified 
Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, in each case in 
the Specified Currency in the case of Notes; (b) any Global Registered Security Certificate; (c) any 
definitive Registered Securities (Registered Security Certificates) whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Registered Security Certificate; (d) in relation to any Swedish Security, units of each 
Specified Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, in each 
case in the Specified Currency in the case of Notes and (e) in relation to any Finnish Security, units of 
each Specified Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, 
in each case in the Specified Currency in the case of Notes, or (ii) French Law Securities which shall 
mean units of each Specified Denomination (in the case of such Notes). Whether the Securities are 
English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities or French Law Securities, and whether they are of the form 
of Registered Securities, Bearer Securities, Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities will be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms but one such form of Securities cannot be exchanged for another. 
Securities are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Securities. As used 
herein, Tranche means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Securities which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the Final Terms) or, in the case of Securities 
which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation or (ii) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United 
Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the UK Prospectus Regulation (Exempt Securities), a pricing supplement (the Pricing 
Supplement) which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, in the case of the Pricing Supplement, 
completes, modifies and/or supplements the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s). In the 
event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s) and (ii) 
the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. References in 
these General Conditions to a Condition shall be deemed to be a reference to a Condition of the General 
Conditions, unless otherwise specified. For the purposes hereof, Issue Terms means either (i) where the 
Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt 
Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the Terms and Conditions) means, in relation to 
any Tranche of Securities, the General Conditions together with the additional terms and conditions 
contained in (i) in the case of all Securities, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and (ii) in the case 
of Security Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 1, (iii) in the case of Inflation Index 
Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 2, (iv) in the case of Commodity Index Linked Securities 
only, Underlying Schedule 3, (v) in the case of Commodity Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 
4, (vi) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 5, (vii) in the case of Depositary 
Receipt Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 6, (viii) in the case of ETF Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 7, (ix) in the case of Mutual Fund Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 8, 
(x) in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 9, (xi) in the case of Warrant 
Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 10, (xii) in the case of Proprietary Index Linked Securities 
only, Underlying Schedule 11, (xiii) in the case of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 12 (xiv) in the case of Rate Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 13, (xv) 
in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 14, (xvi) in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes only, Underlying Schedule 15, and (xvii) in the case of Index Skew Notes only, 
Underlying Schedule 16. The conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the Conditions) means, in relation 
to any Tranche of Securities, the Terms and Conditions as completed or, (in the case of Exempt 
Securities) completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the information set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 350 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
318 
 
The Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities, except as provided herein) are 
issued pursuant to the amended and restated Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 14 December 2023 (as 
further amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) and Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL) each as an issuer, Citigroup Inc. as guarantor 
in respect of Securities issued by CGMHI where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in 
its capacity as such guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor), Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML) as 
guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor), Citibank, N.A., London branch as 
issuing agent and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the Fiscal Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor fiscal agent and together with any other paying agent from time to time, the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and as principal paying agent, 
Citibank Europe plc as registrar (in such capacity, the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and as a transfer agent (in such capacity, a Transfer Agent, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent), Citibank Europe plc as French Cleared Securities and 
French Law Securities issuing and paying agent (the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities 
issuing and paying agent), and the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), all Paying Agents, all 
Transfer Agents (if applicable), the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) the 
French Law Securities Registration Agent (as defined below) are together referred to herein as the 
Agents) and Citibank, N.A. as calculation agent if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in such 
capacity, the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor calculation agent or such 
other entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Issue Terms) and as exchange 
agent (in such capacity, the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange 
agent). 
The Issuers may determine to appoint a securities registration agent in respect of French Law Securities 
under the Programme (any such appointed entity, the French Law Securities Registration Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor French Law Securities registration agent), but shall be 
under no obligation to do so. Where no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, 
all references to the French Law Securities Registration Agent herein shall be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Issuer of the French Law Securities as the context may require. 
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Swedish Securities and the Finnish 
Securities are those in Clauses 2.2, 16, 20, 26, 27 and 28 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Securityholders) and Clauses 21, 22 and 23 in relation to the appointment of the Calculation Agent only. 
In relation to any Series, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall be to whichever of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any English Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) issued by Citigroup 
Inc. are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant) executed by Citigroup Inc. in 
relation to such Securities. Any English Law Securities and/or Irish Law Securities (other than Swedish 
Securities and Finnish Securities) issued by CGMHI are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant 
dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the CGMHI Deed 
of Covenant) executed by CGMHI in relation to such Securities. Any English Law Securities and/or 
Irish Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) issued by CGMFL are issued 
with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, the Deeds of Covenant and references herein to the 
relevant Deed of Covenant shall mean the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is 
Citigroup Inc., the CGMHI Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMHI, and the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant where the Issuer is CGMFL) executed by CGMFL in relation to such Securities.  
Securities issued by CGMHI are, where Citigroup Inc. is specified as the guarantor in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee), dated 21 December 2015 executed by the CGMHI Guarantor.  
Securities issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue

--- Page 351 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
319 
 
Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee), dated 25 January 2019 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor.  
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL are not guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor and are 
not the subject of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMFL and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are 
not the subject of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMHI and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders of the Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are obtainable free of charge during normal business hours at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Securities are not admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and are 
not publicly offered, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Securityholder 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents holding one or more 
of the Securities if such Securityholder produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Securities and identity. 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule and applicable Issue Terms will specify whether settlement shall 
be by way of cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or by physical delivery (Physical Delivery 
Securities). 
Swedish Securities will be issued pursuant an issuer agreement with Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear 
Sweden) and in accordance with the provisions in the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositaries 
and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument) and the rules, regulations (including but not limited to the Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden, as amended from time to time (together the "Swedish CSD Rules"). 
In connection therewith (i) in respect of Swedish Securities issued by CGMFL, CGMFL has entered into 
an amended and restated Swedish agency agreement dated 10 December 2021 and (ii) in respect of 
Swedish Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI will enter into a 
Swedish agency agreement (in any such case and as any such agreement is amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, a "Swedish Agency Agreement") with Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden 
Branch) (the "Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor Swedish Securities issuing and paying agent). Any references in the Conditions to "Fiscal 
Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the relevant 
Swedish Agency Agreement. Copies of each Swedish Agency Agreement are or will be obtainable free 
of charge during normal business hours at the specified office of the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent. The holders of the Swedish Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions 
of the Swedish Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
Finnish Securities will be issued and governed by a Finnish Securities issuing and paying agency 
agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Finnish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement) to be entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and Nordea Bank 
Abp as Finnish Securities issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor as Finnish Securities issuing and paying 
agent and such successor shall be duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and 
Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Any references in the Conditions to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the 
context so admits, reference to the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. Copies of 
the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement will be obtainable free of charge during

--- Page 352 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
320 
 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The 
holders of the Finnish Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Type of Security  
The applicable Issue Terms shall specify whether the Type of Security is Notes (Notes), (in the 
case of Securities issued by CGMFL only) Certificates (Certificates), Notes which are titled 
"Certificates" or Italian Listed Certificates (Italian Listed Certificates).  
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, 
where applicable, as used in the Conditions, references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be 
construed to be to "termination" and "terminate", references to "interest", "Interest Payment 
Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related expressions) 
shall be construed to be (in the case of Certificates) to "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment 
Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of Notes that 
are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", 
"Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying", and references to "maturity 
date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. All related expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any 
Global Registered Security Certificate and any securities in definitive form shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Italian Listed Certificates are intended to be admitted to trading on (i) the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") in compliance with SeDeX Market Rules (Regolamento del 
Mercato SeDeX) as amended from time to time or (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the EuroTLX) in compliance with the EuroTLX 
Market Rules (Regolamento del Mercato EuroTLX) as amended from time to time. Italian Listed 
Certificates are subject to the terms set out at General Condition 22 below. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, French Cleared Securities and French Law 
Securities shall only be in the form of Notes. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Securities are issued in registered form (Registered Securities) 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (in the case of Notes) in the Specified 
Denomination(s). 
Each Registered Security Certificate represents a holding of one or more Registered Securities 
by the same holder (as defined below). 
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Securities shall pass upon registration of the 
transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as provided in 
General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of Securities). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Security shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Securities for the purpose of receiving payment 
thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Security shall be 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Security Certificate, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, holder means, in the case of Registered Securities, the person in whose name 
a Registered Security is registered PROVIDED THAT, in relation to any Securities represented 
by a Global Registered Security Certificate and in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities, it shall be construed as provided below and 
Securityholder shall have a correlative meaning and in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities AND PROVIDED THAT in the case of Registered

--- Page 353 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
321 
 
Securities issued by CGMFL, "holder" shall be construed as provided in General Condition 3(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities). 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate 
held on behalf of (i) Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) or (ii) Euroclear France S.A. (Euroclear France and, such 
Securities, French Cleared Securities), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France)) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case 
of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a particular principal 
amount or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) as to the principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor 
and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest (if any) on such principal 
amount of such Securities or the termination amount of such Securities, for which purpose the 
registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and each Agent as the holder of such 
principal amount or number of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate, and the expressions Securityholder and 
holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Global Registered Security Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, 
will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by such Global 
Registered Security Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
Securities except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, 
any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Interests in Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant 
Clearing System and in accordance with General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of 
Securities) below. 
Relevant Clearing System means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, 
Euroclear France and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which 
interests in Securities are to be held and through an account at which the Securities are to be 
cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
Swedish Securities are issued in dematerialised uncertificated book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish CSD Rules and in the Specified Denomination(s). 
No global or definitive Swedish Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The Swedish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish 
CSD Rules. 
The person appearing in the register for the Swedish Securities kept by Euroclear Sweden on 
behalf of the Issuer (the Swedish Securities Register) will be treated as the holder of the 
relevant Swedish Securities in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and title to the Swedish 
Securities passes only by registration in the Swedish Securities Register. In the Conditions, 
holder, in relation to a Swedish Security, means the person in whose name such Swedish 
Security is registered in the Swedish Securities Register. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) is 
so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Swedish Security.

--- Page 354 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
322 
 
The Issuer shall have access to the register of creditors (Sw. skuldboken) in respect of the 
Swedish Securities, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer shall not have such 
access. 
In the case of Finnish Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
Notwithstanding the above, the holder of a Finnish Security will be the person in whose name 
such Finnish Security is registered in a book-entry account in the book-entry system of 
Euroclear Finland (including a nominee account holder, as the case may be) in accordance with 
Finnish laws, rules, regulations, decisions and operating procedures applicable to, and/or issued 
by, Euroclear Finland (Euroclear Finland Rules) and the terms Securityholder and holder of 
Securities shall be construed accordingly. Where a nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated 
as the holder of the relevant Finnish Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may issue Securities in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form (Finnish Securities). No Global Registered Security Certificates representing 
Finnish Securities will be issued and the Conditions of such shall be construed accordingly. 
Finnish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), other 
applicable Finnish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Finland. References in the Conditions to Global Registered Security Certificates shall 
not apply to Finnish Securities. 
In the case of French Cleared Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 
shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
The French Cleared Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
French Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all 
times be in book-entry form (inscriptions en compte) in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and 
R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law Securities shall constitute 
"obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. The French Law Securities will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
which shall credit the accounts of an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France) (the Euroclear France Accountholder); or (ii) in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the Securityholder in either administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Accountholder (and 
mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by 
the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if 
applicable). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Issue Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
securities depositary identification information of Securityholders of French Law Securities the

--- Page 355 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
323 
 
name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address 
or, as the case may be, email address of such Securityholders. 
Title to French Law Securities will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211–3 and 
R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211–7 
of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of French Law Securities. 
In respect of French Law Securities, the holder will be the person whose name appears in the 
account of the Euroclear France Accountholder or of the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Securities. 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities 
(a) 
Exchange of Securities 
Finnish Securities of one Specified Denomination, as applicable, may not be exchanged for 
Finnish Securities of another Specified Denomination. 
French Law Securities of a Series shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only (and not 
integral multiples of another amount). 
French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for French Law 
Securities in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
French Law Securities issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted for French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur). 
French Law Securities issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Securityholder, be converted into French Law Securities in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Securityholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211–4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Securityholder. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Subject to General Conditions 3(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Security Certificates) and 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificates) below, if definitive Registered Securities are issued, one or more of such 
Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender of the Registered Security 
Certificate representing such Registered Securities to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on such Registered Security Certificate duly completed and executed, at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of 
a holding of Registered Securities represented by one Registered Security Certificate, a new 
Registered Security Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the 
transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Securities to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Securities, a new Registered Security Certificate representing the enlarged holding 
shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Security Certificate representing the 
existing holding. 
Each Security certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 3(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Security Certificates) and 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificates) below, transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Security Certificate 
will be effected by the Relevant Clearing System only in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global 
Registered Security Certificate will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Security

--- Page 356 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
324 
 
Certificate as described in, and subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
the Relevant Clearing System and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Global Registered Security Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or 
such successor's nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificates 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof. Furthermore, interests in a 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Regulation S Global Registered Security 
Certificate, and any Security issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Regulation 
S Global Registered Security Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such 
restriction on transfer.  
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificates 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time other than (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) to a 
person the seller reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. Each Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate, and any 
Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global Registered 
Security Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(e) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate means a Global Registered Security 
Certificate representing Notes or Certificates sold only in offshore transactions outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate means a Global Registered Security 
Certificate representing Notes sold only to QIBs. 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
U.S. person has the meaning given to such term under Regulation S. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single 
definitive Registered Security Certificate, a new definitive Registered Security Certificate shall 
be issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Registered 
Security Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Security 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a partial redemption of a 
holding of Registered Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate, the 
Global Registered Security Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption.

--- Page 357 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
325 
 
(g) 
Delivery of New Registered Security Certificates 
Each new Registered Security Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Condition 3(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities) or General Condition 3(f) (Partial Redemption in respect of 
Registered Securities) will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agent to whom such form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of 
such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or of the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Security Certificate to 
such address as may be specified in such form of transfer. 
(h) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
In the case of Securities other than Swedish Securities, transfer and registration of Securities 
will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but will be subject to the payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or 
the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(i) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Security may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Security or the due 
date for the payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of that Security, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Securities may be called for redemption by the Issuer at 
its option pursuant to General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or General 
Condition 6(h) Redemption by Instalments, (iii) after any such Security has been called for 
redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) 
any Record Date (as defined in General Condition 8(a)(ii) (Registered Securities) below). 
No holder of a Swedish Security may require the transfer of a Swedish Security to be registered 
during a period which is the equivalent to any such closed period pursuant to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
(j) 
Transfers of Finnish Securities 
Title to Finnish Securities shall pass by transfer from a Securityholder's book-entry account to 
another person's, whether legal or individual, book-entry account within Euroclear Finland 
(except where the Finnish Securities are nominee registered and are transferred from one 
account to another account with the same nominee). Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information (including but not limited to information on 
Securityholders) from the register (the Euroclear Finland Register) maintained by Euroclear 
Finland as registrar (the Euroclear Finland Registrar) on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Euroclear Finland Rules, and Euroclear Finland shall be entitled to provide such 
information to the Issuer notwithstanding any secrecy obligation. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, 
subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from 
Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically 
possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall be entitled to pass such 
information to the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or to authorise such Agent to 
acquire such information from Euroclear Finland directly. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholder of any Finnish Security shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Securityholder. 
(k) 
Transfer of Swedish Securities 
All transfers of Swedish Securities and entries in the Swedish Securities Register will be made 
subject to the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear

--- Page 358 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
326 
 
Sweden. Title to Swedish Securities will pass by transfer between accountholders of the 
Euroclear Sweden system, perfected in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(l) 
Transfers of French Law Securities 
Title to French Law Securities in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such French Law 
Securities may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Euroclear France Accountholders. Title to French Law Securities in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Securities may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as the case may be). 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Securities: only relevant for Securities 
issued by CGMHI 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Securities issued by CGMHI constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(c) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Securities: only relevant for Securities 
issued by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Securities issued by CGMFL constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
5. 
Interest 
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Securities (if any) shall be as specified 
in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, interest on Swedish Securities for 
which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms shall be calculated from 
(but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Securities, 
any Interest Amount for which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall, where applicable (to the extent permitted by law), bear interest accruing only, in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code Civil, after such interest has been due for a 
period of at least one year. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to

--- Page 359 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
327 
 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this 
Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
Final Redemption or Termination 
Unless otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, or unless previously 
redeemed, terminated or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Security (in the case 
of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed 
or terminated (as applicable) at the amount (the Redemption Amount) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule on the Maturity 
Date. 
The following terms have the following meanings: 
Maturity Date means, in respect of (i) Securities other than Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew 
Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; (ii) Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Skew Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date thereof; and 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew 
Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If "Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount), at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, accrued interest, if the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay additional 
interest on such Securities pursuant to General Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated 
thereunder) of Luxembourg (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or the United States (where 
the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) or the United Kingdom (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) or, in any such case any political subdivisions or taxing authorities thereof or 
therein, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, 
regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which any person (including any person acting as underwriter, broker or dealer) 
agrees to purchase the first Tranche of any of such Securities pursuant to the original 
issuance of such first Tranche, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, taking reasonable 
measures available to it; PROVIDED THAT no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, would be obligated to pay such additional 
interest were a payment in respect of the Securities then due. Prior to the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6(b)(i), the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent or the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish 
Securities or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish 
Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Securities and French Law Securities (i) a certificate signed by an officer of the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, stating that 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, so to redeem have occurred and (ii) a legal opinion, from

--- Page 360 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
328 
 
lawyers of recognised standing in Luxembourg, the United States or the United 
Kingdom, as applicable, to the effect that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay such 
additional interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
(ii) 
Redemption for Illegality 
If "Early Redemption for Illegality" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the 
Securities or the CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations 
under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor determines that the 
performance of its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may 
be, has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for 
any reason (an Illegality Event), the Issuer may redeem the Securities early by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices); provided, 
however, that if "Continuance of Securities Provision" is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then (A) if the Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or 
together with one or more other Illegality Events) renders the continuance of the 
Securities definitively impossible, then the Illegality Event shall be referred to as an 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance); or (B) if the Illegality Event (whether in 
and of itself or together with one or more other Illegality Events) does not render the 
continuance of the Securities definitively impossible, the Illegality Event shall be 
referred to as an Illegality Event (Possible Performance) and (if "Illegality Event 
(Possible Performance)" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), 
in each case, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(c) 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory Event 
If "Early Redemption for Obligor Regulatory Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Obligor Regulatory Event 
occurs, then the Issuer may redeem all or some of the Securities by giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) at, in respect of each 
principal amount of the Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
For the purposes of the above, Obligor Regulatory Event means a determination by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of an enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a 
change in, law by a relevant governmental authority or a change in policy or interpretation, 
implementation or application of any relevant laws or regulations, including any accord, 
standard, official communication or recommendation of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision, by any relevant governmental authority or the Issuer and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
(and/or, in each case, their respective Affiliates), in each case, on or after the Trade Date, the 
Issuer and/or where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor (and/or, in each case, in respect of paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
below, their respective Affiliates): 
(i) 
has become subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment with respect to the 
Securities; 
(ii) 
suffers or will suffer any increased costs in connection with the Securities, including any 
costs associated with hedging the Securities or costs in maintaining any applicable capital 
reserves in respect of the Securities; or 
(iii) 
would be materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Securities 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 361 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
329 
 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
or Affiliates may at any time purchase Securities in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount  
(i) 
For the purpose of General Conditions 6(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and 
Redemption for Illegality) and 6(b)(ii) above, General Condition 6(c) (Early Redemption 
following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory Event) above, General Condition 11 
(Events of Default) below, and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and subject as 
provided in the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, 
representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be calculated as 
any of the following specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case 
payable as provided below:  
(A) 
Fair Market Value payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance with, 
the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by the Issuer;  
(B) 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity;  
(C) 
Best of Amount payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance with, 
the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by the Issuer; 
(D) 
Monetisation with Holder Put Option as set out in General Condition 6(e)(ii); or 
(E) 
such other amount specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or in 
the applicable Issue Terms and payable on the date specified in, or notified in 
accordance with, the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date 
selected by the Issuer, 
(and in the case of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, minus the pro rata share 
of any unwind costs without double counting) provided that where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify "Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption" to be not applicable, 
Securityholders will not be charged any costs or expenses by the Issuer on account of the 
early redemption of the Securities in any of the circumstances set out in the initial 
paragraph of this General Condition 6(e)(i). 
(ii) 
if the Securities are subject to early redemption for which the Early Redemption Amount 
is specified as the Monetisation with Holder Put Option (as set forth above in General 
Condition 6(e)(i)(D) above): 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of the relevant early redemption event, the Issuer shall 
notify the Securityholders (such notice by the Issuer to the Securityholders being 
the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that the Securities 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date for an amount equal to the Monetisation 
Amount unless the relevant Securityholder makes a valid election to exercise the 
option for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early 
redemption. The Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption may, but does not have to, 
include the Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the 
Securities on a day selected by the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of 
delivery of such notice, and shall include the cut-off date for exercise of the option 
for Fair Market Value at early redemption, the date of determination of the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such 
election selected by the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of such 
notice) and the early redemption date.

--- Page 362 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
330 
 
(B) 
In order to make a valid election to exercise its option referred to in (A) above to 
redeem some or all of its Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement at early redemption, a Securityholder must: 
(1) 
if such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant 
Clearing System, deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar at any 
time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling no later than the 
cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (an Early 
Redemption Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition and the principal 
amount or number thereof to be redeemed for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption and, if less than the full principal amount or number of the 
Registered Securities held by such Securityholder so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Securities is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 3(h) (Transfer Free 
of Charge). If the relevant Security is in definitive form, the Early 
Redemption Put Notice must be accompanied by the Security or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Security will, 
following delivery of the Early Redemption Put Notice, be held to its order 
or under its control. 
(2) 
if the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate and cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no 
later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them, as 
applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
(3) 
if the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate and cleared through DTC, no later than the cut-off date set out 
in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, give notice to the Registrar of 
such exercise in the form of an Early Redemption Put Notice acceptable 
to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or 
before the Early Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC 
practice. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, an Early Redemption Put Notice will not take 
effect against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Securities have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the 
purposes of General Condition 3(k) (Transfer of Swedish Securities)). The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided Finnish Securities shall be subject to automatic 
redemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the 
Securities are Finnish Securities, the exercise of this option will not be effective 
against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have 
been transferred to the account operated by the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish Securities is an 
account operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by

--- Page 363 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
331 
 
the Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in 
the system of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution, 
and blocked for further transfer on the early redemption date by the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The right to require redemption of any 
Finnish Securities in accordance with this Condition must, notwithstanding the 
above, be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules and if there 
is any inconsistency between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear Finland 
Rules, then the Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail. 
(C) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of each Security (in 
the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) for which: 
(1) 
a valid election to exercise the Securityholder's option to redeem such 
Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement 
at early redemption has been made, the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Securities on the date 
specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption plus Pro Rata 
Issuer Cost Reimbursement, which amount shall be payable on the early 
redemption date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption; and 
(2) 
a valid election to exercise the Securityholder's option to redeem such 
Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement 
at early redemption has not been made, the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be the Monetisation Amount (if any), which amount shall be payable 
on the Maturity Date. 
In both cases no other amounts of principal, interest or termination will be payable 
following the date the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption is given.  
(iii) 
In the case of Securities subject to early redemption for which the Early Redemption 
Amount is specified as "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity", 
then such Early Redemption Amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions and no other amounts of principal, 
interest or termination will be payable following the date the notice of early redemption 
is given. 
(iv) 
As used above, in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount): 
Best of Amount means, in respect of such Security, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the greater of (i) the sum of the Minimum Return 
Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement and (ii) the sum of Fair Market Value 
plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of each Security and the Early Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of such Security, a date notified by the Issuer to the relevant 
Securityholder in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as the date for the 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount, save as provided in General Condition 
6(e)(ii)(C)(2) and General Condition 6(e)(iii). 
Fair Market Value means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent which represents the fair market value of such Security (which shall 
include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer or as otherwise 
required in accordance with the Conditions (ignoring for the purposes of a redemption 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(ii), the relevant unlawfulness, illegality or 
prohibition) less (except (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of Hedge 
Costs" to be not applicable; and (ii) in the case of either any early redemption pursuant 
to General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding

--- Page 364 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
332 
 
arrangements in respect of the Securities (including, without limitation, any options 
relating to any Underlying hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) and, for 
the purposes of determining the fair market value of such Security for the purposes of 
General Condition 11 (Events of Default), no account shall be taken of the financial 
condition of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor which shall be presumed to be 
able to perform fully their obligations in respect of the Securities. 
The "fair market value" of a Security is an estimated value and, in determining such 
value, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the following as applicable: 
(i) 
where applicable, a bond component in respect of the Securities, plus an 
embedded derivative(s) or option component. The value of the bond component 
is expected to be determined based on the present value of the stream of cash 
payments associated with a conventional bond of an amount equal to the then 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Securities (or, in the case of 
Certificates, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of such 
Certificates, as determined by the Calculation Agent) discounted by a prevailing 
internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread) for a term equal to that 
then outstanding of the Securities. The value of the embedded derivative 
component is expected to be determined based on internal pricing models which 
will take into account certain parameters that the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate (including, without limitation, factors such as expected interest and 
dividend rates; and the value, price or level and volatility of any relevant 
Underlying(s) or other reference item or any futures or options relating to any of 
them); and/or 
(ii) 
the value of the Securities as determined using any such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including but not limited to the time remaining 
to maturity of the Securities, the interest rates at which banks lend to each other, 
the interest rate which the Issuer (or its Affiliates) is charged to borrow cash, if 
the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s), 
the value, expected future performance and/or volatility of such Underlying(s) or 
other reference asset(s) and any other information the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant (including, but not limited to the circumstances that resulted in the events 
causing such redemption). 
Such values, along (save where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of Issuer 
Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs" as not applicable) with deductions for any fees, 
costs or commissions in connection with the issue of the Securities and the cost of 
entering into any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect 
of the Securities, are expected to have been applicable pricing factors taken into account 
at or around the trade date to enable the Issuer to determine the terms on which it can 
issue the Securities on the Issue Date and are therefore relevant factors in determining 
any Early Redemption Amount.  
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement.  
Minimum Return Amount means, in respect of such Security, the currency amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, the 
Calculation Amount. 
Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement means an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) the Minimum Return 
Amount and (ii) Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement.  
Monetisation Amount means, in respect of such Security, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 365 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
333 
 
Minimum Return Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) x 
(1+r)n 
Where: 
n means the remaining term of the relevant Securities expressed in years, calculated from 
the date of the determination that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and 
in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event to the 
scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
r means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of determination 
that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) for a debt security with a 
maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant Securities, taking into 
account the credit risk of the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Option means, in respect of such Security, the option component or embedded 
derivative(s) in respect of (i) the Security and/or (ii) the interest element relating to such 
Security which provides exposure to the Underlying(s) (if any), the terms of which are 
fixed on the trade date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in order to enable the 
Issuer to issue such Security at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the bond component (if applicable) in respect of the Security is 
excluded from the Option. 
Option Value means, in respect of such Security, the value (if any) of the Option in 
respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
such day and time as selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the time notice of 
early redemption is given by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(i) 
market prices or values for the Underlying and other relevant economic variables 
(such as: interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the value, price or level of 
any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s) and any futures or options 
relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant Underlying(s) or other 
reference asset(s); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
(ii) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Securities had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity; 
(iii) 
internal pricing models; and 
(iv) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option. 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity means, in respect of such 
Security, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as (in the case of Notes) its 
principal amount plus accrued interest (if any), where such accrued interest is determined 
as the product of the principal amount, an overnight interest rate or an achievable market 
rate of interest for the Specified Currency and the relevant day and a day count fraction 
customary for calculation of overnight interest in respect of the Specified Currency, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner and acting 
in good faith, and such Early Redemption Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date.  
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement means an amount equal to the product of the 
total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by 
the original Securityholder as part of the original issue price of the Security and the 
Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" to be 
applicable, the Early Redemption Amount shall be the sum of the amount specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms plus the Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
Relevant Proportion means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Securities will be early

--- Page 366 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
334 
 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early 
redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant 
Securities, divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Securities. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities or French Law Securities, Issuer Call 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given the number 
of days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or number not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Securities, the Securities to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Securities) will be selected, subject to mandatory provisions of Luxembourg law, 
individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, and in accordance with the rules of 
the Relevant Clearing System (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate. In the case 
of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than five days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
If, in respect of Swedish Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than five days' notice to the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall 
specify the Securities or the amount of the Securities as well as the closed period), redeem all 
of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of each Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or 
number not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
If, in respect of French Law Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given:

--- Page 367 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
335 
 
(a) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than five days' notice to the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent who 
will give this notice to Euroclear France, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of French Law Securities, the 
redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such French Law Securities 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed  by application of a pool 
factor and, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and any applicable stock exchange requirements. So 
long as the French Law Securities are listed and admitted on a stock exchange and the rules of 
that stock exchange or applicable French law and/or regulations so require, the Issuer shall cause 
to be published a notice specifying the aggregate principal amount of French Law Securities 
outstanding.  
The right to require redemption of such French Law Securities and French Cleared Securities  
must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there 
is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Securities 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any 
Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) the number of 
days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, not less than 45 
days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Security on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date and at, in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing 
a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount), the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) and in 
the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Security the holder of such Security must, if 
such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, deliver, at 
the specified office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a Put Notice) and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and the principal amount or number thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
principal amount or number of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
3(f) (Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities). If the relevant Security is in 
definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Security or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that the Security will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate and cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such

--- Page 368 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
336 
 
Security the holder of such Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them, as applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to 
time. 
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate and cleared 
through DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Security, the holder of such 
Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form 
of a Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or before the Optional 
Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC practice.  
In the case of Swedish Securities, a Put Notice will not take effect against the Issuer before the 
date on which the relevant Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the 
purposes of General Condition 3(i) (Closed Periods)). The redemption procedures for Swedish 
Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Any right to require redemption of any Finnish Securities in accordance with this General 
Condition 6(g) must be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. Unless 
otherwise provided Finnish Securities shall be subject to automatic redemption. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Securities are Finnish 
Securities, the exercise of this option will not be effective against the Issuer before the date on 
which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account operated by the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish 
Securities is an account operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by 
the Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in the system of 
the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution, and blocked for further transfer 
on the Optional Redemption Date by the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
In the case of French Law Securities, to exercise this option the Securityholder must transfer, or 
cause to be transferred, such French Law Security to the account of the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (in the case of French Law Securities in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif)) or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of French Law 
Securities in bearer form) and, in all cases, deposit with any French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent at its specified office during usual business hours a duly completed Put Notice 
within the relevant exercise period. No Security so transferred and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. No such option may be exercised if the Issuer has given notice of redemption of the 
French Law Securities.  
The right to require redemption of such French Law Securities and French Cleared Securities 
must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there 
is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(h) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition, each 
Security which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms whereupon: 
(i) 
the outstanding principal amount of such Security shall be reduced by the Instalment 
Amount for all purposes; and

--- Page 369 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
337 
 
(ii) 
where IA Adjusted Calculation Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Securities: 
(A) 
each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Interest Amount, 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of such Security 
pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the IA Adjusted 
Calculation Amount; and 
(B) 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the Calculation Amount is 
used to determine any Interest Amount, Non-Contingent Interest Amount, 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, that is payable on a date corresponding to an Instalment Date on which an 
Instalment Amount is payable, then (i) such Instalment Amount shall be deemed 
to have been paid immediately prior to the payment of such Interest Amount, 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be and (ii) each reference to Calculation 
Amount used to determine such Interest Amount, Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount, Mandatory Early Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of such Security pursuant to the Conditions shall 
be deemed to be replaced with the IA Adjusted Calculation Amount immediately 
thereafter. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 6(h), IA Adjusted Calculation Amount means, at 
any time, the Calculation Amount as at the Issue Date less the aggregate of each Instalment 
Amount paid in respect of the Securities prior to such time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be surrendered for cancellation, if the Securities are Registered Securities, by 
surrendering the Security representing such Securities to the Registrar and, if so surrendered, 
will, together with all Securities redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any Securities 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of any such Securities shall be 
discharged. 
French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities shall only be cancelled by being 
transferred to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
7. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates 
This General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates) is only applicable where 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Type of Security is Certificates. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Certificates are European style Certificates 
(European Style Certificates) or multiple exercise Certificates (Multiple Exercise 
Certificates) or such other type (including, without limitation, a combination thereof) as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and whether automatic exercise (Automatic 
Exercise) applies to the Certificates. If Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Certificates must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Certificates in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(a) 
European Style Certificates 
In respect of European Style Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Exercise Date (the 
Actual Exercise Date), shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in

--- Page 370 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
338 
 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on the Actual Exercise Date 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", shall be 
automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General Condition 
7(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. Any such Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless. 
(b) 
Multiple Exercise Certificates 
In respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg time on one or more Exercise Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each 
an Actual Exercise Date), neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any 
obligations in respect of such Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. If Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of 
Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on an Actual Exercise Date and which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", such Certificate shall be 
automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General Condition 
7(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. The Securityholders rights in respect of any such 
Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
(c) 
Exercise Notice 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, Certificates 
may only be exercised following the delivery, or the sending by tested telex (confirmed in 
writing), of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Relevant Clearing 
System and the Certificate Agent during normal office hours) to the Relevant Clearing System, 
with a copy to the Certificate Agent. 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject 
of the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's account at the Relevant Clearing System, to 
be credited with any relevant amounts due to the Securityholder in respect of each 
Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and an authority to the Relevant 
Clearing System, to deduct or convert (if applicable) an amount in respect thereof from 
any amounts due to such Securityholder in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, and/or 
to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at the Relevant Clearing System, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(iv) 
certify, that the Securityholder and the beneficial owner of each Certificate or Unit, as 
the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Exercise Notice) or as otherwise defined in the applicable Issue Terms and, where 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of 
America as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(v) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(d) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the Securityholder of the Certificates referred to therein 
according to the books of Relevant Clearing System. Subject thereto, the Relevant Clearing 
System will confirm to the Certificate Agent the Series number and the number of Certificates

--- Page 371 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
339 
 
the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of 
amounts payable in respect of the Certificates. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Certificate 
Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The Relevant Clearing System will on or before the 
Settlement Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (Settlement Date) (or in the case of 
Multiple Exercise Certificates, the final Settlement Date) or any other date specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice, as the case may be, debit the account of the relevant Securityholder 
with the Certificates the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
(e) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the Relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Certificate Agent and the 
relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Certificate Agent immediately 
after being delivered or sent to the Relevant Clearing System shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Relevant Clearing System and 
copied to the Certificate Agent. 
In respect of an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any Certificate (other than Multiple Exercise Certificates) with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out 
above by the cut-off time specified shall become void. In the case of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates and an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been duly completed in the manner set 
out above by the cut-off time specified, the Issuer shall have no obligation in respect of such 
Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. 
(f) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an 
irrevocable election by the relevant Securityholder to exercise the Certificates specified on such 
Actual Exercise Date.   
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to Multiple Exercise Certificates), 
the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Certificates the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates in relation 
to an Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising 
Securityholder may not transfer such Certificate until after the Settlement Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date. After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates in relation to the final Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Securityholder may 
not transfer such Certificates. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates 
are automatically exercised as provided in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect 
of Certificates) then the delivery of an Exercise Notice shall not be required (save, except for 
Securities admitted to trading on the SeDeX or EuroTLX, where the Issuer notifies the 
Securityholders to the contrary) and the Certificates shall be terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Schedule. 
(h) 
Relevant Clearing System times and requirements 
All references herein to Luxembourg time and each of the procedures described herein are 
subject to any other relevant times and procedures as may be required by the Relevant Clearing 
System.

--- Page 372 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
340 
 
In respect of Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, Automatic Exercise shall apply and 
settlement will occur in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(i) 
Defined terms 
As used above: 
Exercise Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exercise Expenses means, in relation to a Certificate, all taxes and/or expenses including any 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines 
may be or would be, or would have been incurred in connection with the exercise and/or 
termination of the Certificates and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof. 
In-the-Money means the Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Actual Exercise Date 
is greater than zero; as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Payments 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
Registered Securities 
(i) 
Payments of principal or termination amounts (which for the purposes of this General 
Condition 8(a)(i) shall include final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment 
Amounts) in respect of Registered Securities (whether or not in global form) will be 
made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant Security at 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest (which for the purposes of this General Condition 8(a)(ii) shall 
include all Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) and payment of all 
Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts on Registered Securities will 
be paid to the person shown on the Register (A) where such Securities are in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose, a day on which the Relevant 
Clearing System is open for business) before the due date for payment thereof, and (B) 
where such Securities are in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
before the due date for payment thereof (the Record Date). Such payments will be made 
by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant currency designated by the holder with 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency 
is Euro, into a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or 
transferred) notified to the Registrar by such holder. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Security 
Certificate in respect of Securities denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars 
shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has 
elected to receive payment in the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with applicable 
DTC practice. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 9 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Securities in respect of such 
payments.

--- Page 373 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
341 
 
The holder of a Global Registered Security Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate 
and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount or number 
of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate must look solely to the 
Relevant Clearing System for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Registered Security Certificate. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Swedish Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to Swedish Securities. Payments 
in respect of Swedish Securities will be made on the due date for payments to the persons 
registered as holders in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth (5) Stockholm Banking Day 
(or such other date in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules), prior to the due date for such 
payment. 
In the Conditions, Stockholm Banking Day means a day on which Euroclear Sweden is open 
for business (including the making of payments) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Finnish Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to Finnish Securities. Payments 
in respect of Finnish Securities will be made on the due date for payment to the persons 
registered as holders recorded in the Euroclear Finland Register on the first (1st) Helsinki 
Banking Day (or such other date in accordance with the rules and procedures applied by 
Euroclear Finland from time to time), prior to the due date for such payment. 
In the Conditions, Helsinki Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits in Helsinki and on which Euroclear Finland and the 
relevant system in which the Finnish Securities are registered are open for business in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
In respect of each Series of Finnish Securities, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a registrar 
which shall be the duly authorised Finnish central securities depository under the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and a Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
duly authorised as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) under the Finnish Act on Book-Entry 
System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as 
amended)). 
A Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to Finnish Securities, Euroclear Finland will act as the central securities depositary 
and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
for Finnish purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary and clearing 
institution or Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, each of them to be duly authorised 
under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Each of Euroclear Finland 
and the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship or agency or trust with, the Securityholders.

--- Page 374 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
342 
 
(e) 
Payments in respect of French Law Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to French Law Securities. 
Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, 
where applicable) in respect of French Law Securities shall (in the case of French Law Securities 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré)) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Euroclear France Accountholders for the benefit of the Securityholders and (in the case 
of French Law Securities in fully registered form (au nominatif pur)) to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Securityholders and notified to the Issuer. 
All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Accountholders or bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
A French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities 
Registration Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to French Law Securities, Euroclear France will act as the central securities 
depositary and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent for French purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or (if 
applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent. Each of Euroclear France, the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration 
Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
or agency or trust with, the Securityholders. 
In respect of any domestic issue of French Law Securities settled from a French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent account situated in France, payments relating to such French Law 
Securities shall be made in Euro in accordance with Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil. In 
respect of any non-domestic or international issues (emprunt émis à l'étranger) of French Law 
Securities settled from a French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent account situated outside 
of France, payments may be made in another currency. In such case, the method for translating 
into Euro any amount(s) denominated in a currency other than Euro payable under such French 
Law Securities shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each 
Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if applicable) the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent in the case of French Law Securities initially appointed by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, and their respective specified offices, are each 
listed below or in the applicable Issue Terms. The Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if 
applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent in the case of French Law Securities 
act solely as agents or, as the case may be, registrars of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any holder. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor reserve the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent, the 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Securities or the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities 
and (if applicable and provided that only the Issuer may vary or terminate such appointment) 
the French Law Securities Registration Agent in the case of French Law Securities and to

--- Page 375 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
343 
 
appoint additional or other agents (any of which may be the Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor, an affiliate of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or an 
Affiliate of the CGMFL Guarantor) PROVIDED THAT the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Guarantor will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent;  
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security cleared through DTC is outstanding, an 
Exchange Agent in relation thereto;  
(iv) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation 
thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(vi) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(vii) 
at any time while any Swedish Security is outstanding, a Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act as an issuing agent (Sw. emissionsinstitut) with Euroclear 
Sweden;  
(viii) at any time while any Finnish Security is outstanding, a Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act both as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) and issuer 
agent (Fin. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) with Euroclear Finland;  
(ix) 
at any time while any French Cleared Security or French Law Security is outstanding, a 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent authorised to act as issuing and paying agent 
with Euroclear France and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration Agent 
for French Law Securities in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif); and 
(x) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(g) 
Payment Days 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, any date for payment in respect of any 
Security is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, Payment Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, if "Business Day Jurisdiction" is specified to be or 
include "T2" or "T2 Business Day", Payment Day shall also be a T2 Business 
Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 376 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
344 
 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
Euro, a T2 Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Security Certificate 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name 
of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with interests 
in such Global Registered Security Certificate) has elected to receive any part of such 
payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
If, in respect of Swedish Securities, any date for payment is not a Payment Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, Payment Day means a day which is a 
Stockholm Banking Day and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of such relevant currency; or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Euro) a day which is a T2 Business Day. 
If, in respect of Finnish Securities, any date for payment in respect of any Finnish Securities is 
not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
Payment Day means a day which is a Helsinki Banking Day and a T2 Business Day (if 
applicable). 
(h) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a Business Day Convention) and 
(x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis 
mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
9. 
Taxation  
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
The provisions of this paragraph (a) apply only where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional 
interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of

--- Page 377 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
345 
 
Covenant such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Security or the 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present 
or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) 
will not be less than the amount provided in such Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such 
payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or 
a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member or 
shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, 
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or 
having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or 
business or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or 
(B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past or present status as a 
personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation with 
respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United 
States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security or under the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
(the Relevant Date); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Security or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed 
of Covenant; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Security 
or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if such payment can be made without such 
deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or other 
reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with 
the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person under a Security 
or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if, without regard to any tax treaty, such 
compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States as a precondition to 
relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, 
that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or that is a 
controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership as described 
in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code;

--- Page 378 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
346 
 
(viii) a payment on a Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to a holder or entitled 
person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member 
of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional 
interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder or 
entitled person of or under such Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply with such an agreement;  
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Security that the 
Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(xi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France (or 
if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed 
by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf). 
(b) 
The provisions of this paragraph (b) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary 
so that every net payment on such Security or the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future 
tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by 
the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) will not be 
less than the amount provided in such Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor 
will not be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or 
a person holding a power over such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member or 
shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, 
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or 
having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or 
business or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or 
(B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past or present status as a 
personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation with 
respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United 
States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on 
which such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later (the Relevant Date);

--- Page 379 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
347 
 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Security, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Security, 
under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if such 
payment can be made without such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent 
or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or other 
reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with 
the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person under a Security, 
the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if, without regard to 
any tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States 
as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental 
charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the Code that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 
881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) 
of the Code or that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock 
ownership as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) a payment on a Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee to a holder or entitled person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than 
the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with 
respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would 
not have been entitled to the additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the holder or entitled person of or under such Security, the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply with such agreement;  
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Security that the 
Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as a debt for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(xi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France (or 
if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed 
by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf).  
(c) 
The provisions of this paragraph (c) apply only where CGMFL is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be 
necessary so that every net payment on such Security, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by Luxembourg (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the 
case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) or, in either case, any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such Security, 
the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable.

--- Page 380 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
348 
 
However, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor will be required to make any such 
payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for the existence of any present or future connection between such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person and Luxembourg, (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the 
United Kingdom (in the case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) other than the mere 
holding of the Security or being entitled under the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee;  
(ii) 
any tax imposed by Luxembourg under the law of 23 December 2005, as amended;  
(iii) 
any Security, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
presented for payment in Luxembourg;  
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge to which such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person would not be liable or subject by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority;  
(v) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for 
the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder 
or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security or under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which 
such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later (the Relevant Date);  
(vi) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to such legislation, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto; or 
(vii) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France (or 
if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed 
by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf). 
(d) 
The provisions of this paragraph (d) apply to all Securities, regardless of the Issuer 
References in the Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Securities, any Instalment Amount, any Redemption Amount, any Early 
Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked 
Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the provisions 
of the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) interest shall be deemed to include any Interest Amount and 
all other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to General Condition 5 (Interest) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit 
Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the 
provisions of the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) in any context, the payment of the principal 
of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Security, such mention shall be deemed to include 
mention of the payment of additional interest provided for in this General Condition 9 to the 
extent that, in such context, additional interest is, was or would be payable in respect thereof 
pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition 9 and express mention of the payment of 
additional interest (if applicable) in any provisions hereof shall not be construed as excluding 
additional interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. Where 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit 
Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the 
applicable Issue Terms do not provide for the payment of interest, references to interest in the 
Conditions shall be disregarded and the Conditions construed accordingly.

--- Page 381 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
349 
 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities (other than Swedish Securities 
and Finnish Securities) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in 
the case of principal or termination amounts) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect thereof. 
If the Securities are Swedish Securities, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the 
Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of 
principal or termination amounts) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect thereof. For the purposes of this paragraph, Relevant Date means the 
date on which such payment first becomes due, or such later date on which an interruption of 
the period of limitation (Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) is made in accordance with the Swedish 
Limitations Act 1981 (Sw. preskriptionslagen (1991: 130)). 
If the Securities are Finnish Securities, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the 
Securities and any principal, interest or termination amounts shall be prescribed unless made 
within three years after the date on which such payment becomes due and payable therefor and 
thereafter any principal, interest or termination amounts payable in respect of such Securities 
shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
11. 
Events of Default 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
Event of Default wherever used herein with respect to the Securities means any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Security when it becomes due and 
payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal or termination amounts of any Security at its due 
date or default in the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of any Security at its due 
date, and continuance of any such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor in the Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (other than a covenant a 
default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this General Condition 11 
specifically dealt with) or the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there has been 
given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case 
may be, by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount or number of the 
Outstanding Securities, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring 
it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or 
(iv) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(iv) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the 
Issuer by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the 
United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other 
similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such 
decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(v) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(v) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any

--- Page 382 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
350 
 
other applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under 
any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, 
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the 
whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its inability to pay its 
debts generally as they become due; or 
(vi) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(vi) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CGMFL:  
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening 
of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, 
(insolvabilitié, liquidation volontaire or judiciaire), composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), 
controlled management (gestion controlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio 
pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or 
similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment 
of a receiver of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the appointment of any 
receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), or verifier 
(expert vérificateur, juge délégué or juge commissaire)) save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, 
merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation 
or 
other 
similar 
arrangement; or 
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor by a 
court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the United 
Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially 
the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, 
and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period 
of 90 consecutive days; or 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a voluntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the 
consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any 
such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the 
whole or substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the CGMFL 
Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the 
admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in writing of its inability to pay its debts 
generally as they become due;  
save that, in the case of each of (B) and (C) above, any action taken or occurrence in the 
context of a solvent winding-up of the CGMFL Guarantor solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation shall not constitute an Event of 
Default, provided that any company which, as a result of any such reorganisation, 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation owns beneficially the whole or substantially the 
whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by the CGMFL Guarantor 
immediately prior thereto shall carry on the whole or substantially the whole of the 
business carried on by the CGMFL Guarantor immediately prior thereto and in any event 
such reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation does not result in any 
Securities becoming repayable or redeemable or to be terminated or the CGMFL 
Guarantee to be extinguished in whole or in part in relation to any Securities; or 
(vii) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(vii) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CGMFL: the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect (except, for the avoidance of doubt, where

--- Page 383 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
351 
 
this is a result of the CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee shall be deemed not to have ceased to be in full force and effect in 
circumstances where there is a consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) or where a substitution 
of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor). 
(b) 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Securities at the time Outstanding occurs and is 
continuing, then in every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount 
or number of the Outstanding Securities may declare the Securities, by a notice in writing to the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, to be immediately 
due and payable, whereupon each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) shall become due and repayable at the Early 
Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Upon such payment in respect 
of any Security, all obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
in respect of such Security shall be discharged.  
(c) 
Outstanding when used with respect to the Securities, means, as of the date of determination, 
all Securities authenticated and delivered under the Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Securities cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
or the Registrar for cancellation; 
(ii) 
Securities or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary 
amount has been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such 
Securities or portions thereof are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been 
duly given pursuant to the Conditions or provision therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent has been made; and 
(iii) 
Securities in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated 
and delivered pursuant to the Conditions, other than any such Securities in respect of 
which there shall have been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof 
satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands 
such Securities are valid obligations of the Issuer, 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount or 
number of Securities Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Securities owned by the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly 
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. 
Securities so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the 
pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar the pledgee's right to 
act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or 
under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor.  
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of 
Securities (including Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Securities (including 
the Conditions insofar as the same may apply to the Securities), the relevant Deed of Covenant, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they relate 
to the Securities. The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in

--- Page 384 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
352 
 
writing signed by or on behalf of all the Securityholders, or (c) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent) by or on behalf of all the Securityholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the holders of the Securities, whether present or not, 
except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Securities, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount or number of the Securities, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount or any other amount 
payable or deliverable on redemption of the Securities, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest 
in respect of the Securities or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest, (iv) if a Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, (v) 
to change any method of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the 
Redemption Amount or any Entitlement or any Instalment Amount, (vi) to change the currency 
or currencies of payment of the Securities, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of holders of Securities or any adjournment thereof or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to take any steps which as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply, will only be binding if passed at a 
meeting of the holders of Securities (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum 
(provided for in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) is present. 
If a holder of Swedish Securities held through a nominee (a Swedish Indirect Securityholder) 
attends the meeting (in person or through a duly authorised agent) and shows a certificate from 
the relevant nominee showing that such Swedish Indirect Securityholder on the fifth (5th) 
Stockholm Business Day prior to the meeting was a holder of Swedish Securities, the Swedish 
Indirect Securityholder shall be regarded the holder of such Swedish Securities for the purposes 
of this General Condition 12. 
In connection with a meeting of holders of such Swedish Securities, the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted under the Swedish CSD Rules, 
have access to the CSD Register (Sw. avstämningsregistret) for the Swedish Securities. 
The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of meetings of holders of Finnish Securities no later 
than eight Helsinki Banking Days before the meeting. The notification shall include the time 
and place of the meeting, its agenda, record date (if applicable) as well as instructions on how 
to participate in the meeting. The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of any decisions by the 
meeting without undue delay.  
Securityholders holding Finnish Securities through a nominee in the Euroclear Finland register 
shall before participating in the meeting in person or through a duly authorised agent register 
their holdings in the temporary shareholder register in accordance with the Euroclear Finland 
Rules and Euroclear Finland CEO decisions. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 12(a) 
below shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
In this General Condition : 
• 
Written Decision means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of 
the Securityholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the French Law 
Securities outstanding. References to a Written Decision include, unless the context 
otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent;

--- Page 385 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
353 
 
• 
References to a General Meeting are to a general meeting of Securityholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any 
adjourned meeting thereof;  
• 
Resolution means a resolution adopted (i) at a General Meeting in accordance with the 
quorum and voting rules described in this General Condition or (ii) pursuant to a Written 
Decision; and 
• 
References to French Law Securities and Securityholders are only to the French Law 
Securities of the Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, 
and to the French Law Securities of the Series in respect of which a Written Decision 
has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively. 
Full Masse 
In respect of French domestic issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination 
of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for 
which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is less than EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the applicable Issue Terms shall 
specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Securityholders / Masse". "Full Masse" 
may also be specified in respect of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at 
least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which 
the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or are issued outside France ("à 
l'étranger"). If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation 
of Securityholders / Masse" the following provisions of this General Condition 12(a) shall apply 
with respect to the full provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse (in 
each case, the "Masse"). In this case, the Securityholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse in 
accordance with the full provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Securityholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to 
the French Law Securities. The provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the 
Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, the provisions of this Condition 12(a). 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through a General Meeting of the Securityholders.  
(ii) 
Representative 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the relevant Agents.

--- Page 386 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
354 
 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Securityholder of French Law Securities to participate in General Meetings will be 
evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of 
the name of such Securityholder of French Law Securities, at 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date 
of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Securityholder of French Law Securities has the right to participate in a General 
Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-
61 of the French Code de commerce, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Securityholders.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(iv) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the 
Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of electronic communication (Electronic Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the 
Written Decision Date). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Securityholders who 
wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. 
Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date 
will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until after the Written 
Decision Date. 
Contractual Masse  
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued outside France ("à 
l'étranger"), if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Contractual Masse" the  Securityholders will, 
in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a single Masse in accordance with this General Condition 12(a). The Masse 
will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse 
provided that Article L. 228-65 I 3° shall not apply in the event of a transfer of assets from the 
Issuer to any fully consolidated subsidiary, and with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228-
65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 4° and 6° of I and II, R.228-63 and R.228-69 and further subject to 
provisions below.  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative 
and in part through a General Meeting.  
(ii) 
Representative

--- Page 387 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
355 
 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Securityholder of French Law Securities to participate in General Meetings will be 
evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of 
the name of such Securityholder of French Law Securities at 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date 
of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Securityholder of French Law Securities has the right to participate in a General 
Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-
61 of the French Code de commerce, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Securityholders.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(iv) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the 
Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the Written Decision Date. Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with 
by the Securityholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Decision. Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until 
after the Written Decision Date. 
Contractual Representation of Securityholders / No Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the

--- Page 388 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
356 
 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued outside of France ("à 
l'étranger"), if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Contractual Representation of 
Securityholders / No Masse" with respect to "Representation of Securityholders / Masse", the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(A) 
the Securityholders shall not be grouped in a Masse having separate legal 
personality and acting in part through a Representative (représentant de la masse) 
and in part through General Meetings; 
(B) 
however, the following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-61 (with the exception of the first 
paragraph thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception of (i) sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° 
and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-76, L.228-
88, R.228-65 to R.228-68, and R.228-70 to R.228-75 of the French Code de 
commerce, and 
(C) 
whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même masse", "par les représentants 
de la masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", "de la masse 
intéressée", "dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par un représentant 
de la masse", appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and 
subject to the following provisions of this General Condition 12(a). 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
Subject to this General Condition 12(a), the General Meeting may deliberate with respect 
to any matter that relates to the common rights (intérêts communs) of the Securityholders. 
The General Meeting may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, (A) whether for a compromise or settlement, 
regarding rights which are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial 
decision has been rendered, and (B) relating to a total or partial waiver of the guarantees 
granted to the Securityholders, the deferral of any interest payment and the modification 
of the amortisation or interest rate provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, the General 
Meeting may not establish any inequality of treatment between Securityholders. 
The Securityholder may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Securityholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation 
of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Securityholder, will ask the court to appoint a 
representative of the Securityholders who will file the proof of Securityholders' claim. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a General Meeting has no power to deliberate on any 
proposal relating to (a) the modification of the corporate object or form of the Issuer, (b) 
the issue of securities benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which will 
not benefit the Securityholders, (c) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) 
including partial transfers of assets (apports partiels d'actifs) under the demerger regime 
of or by the Issuer or (d) the transfer of the registered office of a European Company 
(Societas Europaea – SE) to a different Member State of the European Union. 
However, each Securityholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to 
Article L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and 
prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances described above, including any 
right to object (former opposition).

--- Page 389 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
357 
 
Each Securityholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General 
Meeting. 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Securityholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (by number) of the French Law 
Securities outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the 
General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two months 
after such demand, the Securityholders may commission one of their members to petition 
a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under General Condition 15 (Notices), not less than fifteen days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on second convocation. 
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Securityholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence or by video conference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of a participating Securityholder.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote.  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Securityholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of the name of such 
Securityholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day preceding the date set 
for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.  
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Securityholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be the 
chairman (the Chairman) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such 
General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If 
the Securityholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Securityholder holding or 
representing the highest number of French Law Securities and present at such meeting 
shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not be a Securityholder. The Chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Securityholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (by number) of the French Law Securities 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Securityholders attending 
(including by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of participating Securityholders) such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from

--- Page 390 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
358 
 
the Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the paragraph below, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the Written Decision Date. Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with 
by the Securityholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Decision. Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until 
after the Written Decision Date. 
(viii) Effect of Resolutions 
A decision passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Securityholders, whether or not present or represented 
at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including 
by Electronic Consent), they have participated in such Written Decision (including by 
Electronic Consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the decision 
accordingly. 
Information to Securityholders 
Each Securityholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of 
the relevant General Meeting on first convocation, (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding 
of the relevant General Meeting on second convocation or (iii) in the case of a Written Decision, 
a period of not less than five days preceding the Written Decision Date, as the case may be, to 
consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports 
which will be prepared in connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Securityholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified 
offices of any of the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent during usual business hours 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Decision.  
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Decision, once approved, will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the 
Masse, including expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking 
the approval of a Written Decision, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing through a Written Decision by the Securityholders, 
it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
French Law Securities.  
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Article L.228-71 of the French Code 
de commerce shall apply.  
Single Masse 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the 
Securityholders of the same Series and the Securityholders of any other Series being assimilated 
to the French Law Securities of the said first indicated Series, in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), shall 
be grouped into a single Masse for the purpose of defending their respective common interests. 
The Representative appointed for the first Tranche of a Series of French Law Securities will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of that entire Series.

--- Page 391 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
359 
 
Single Securityholder 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so 
long as the Notes of a given Series are held by a single Securityholder, the relevant 
Securityholder will exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General 
Meetings of Securityholders under General Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, 
Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), as the case may be, whether or not a 
Representative has been appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been 
appointed while the French Law Securities of a given Series are held by a single Securityholder, 
such Representative shall be devoid of powers. A Representative shall only be appointed if the 
French Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one Securityholder. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent 
of the Securityholders: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Securities, the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, which is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders 
(without considering the individual circumstances of any Securityholder or the tax or 
other consequences of such modification in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, as applicable, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Save as provided therein and subject as provided above, each Swedish Agency Agreement may 
be amended by agreement among the parties thereto and without the consent of any holders of 
the Securities. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 12(b) 
below shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
The Issuer may from time to time amend the Conditions of any French Law Securities in 
accordance with General Condition 12(a) (Meetings of Securityholders). 
In respect of French Law Securities which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded 
in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue 
Date), the Issuer may modify the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the 
Securityholders to correct a manifest error. Notice of any such modification will be given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). In other circumstances, the 
consent of a defined majority of Securityholders is required to make amendments. The 
Conditions of the French Law Securities contain provisions for Securityholders to call and 
attend meetings to vote upon such matters or to pass a written decision in the absence of such a 
meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, or passed in writing, can bind all Securityholders 
of French Law Securities, including investors that did not attend or vote, or who do not consent 
to the amendments. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter is required to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person (including where a matter

--- Page 392 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
360 
 
is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Relevant Agent's or such other person's 
opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith 
and (i) where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner.  
The provisions above are without prejudice to the provisions in any Schedule, which will prevail 
in relation to determinations thereunder in the event of any inconsistency. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Securities only, 
whenever any matter is required to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person (including where a matter 
is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Relevant Agent's or such other person's 
opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, including without limitation any such determination, 
consideration, election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person. 
The Relevant Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of 
its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. The Issuer may delegate 
any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
All discretions exercised and determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other 
decisions made in respect of the Securities by the Relevant Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent shall have 
any responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in any (a) calculation by the 
Relevant Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of any amount due in respect of the Securities 
or (b) determination made by the Relevant Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a 
fixed amount or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount 
to be payable on the Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to or calculation under the 
Conditions may be made by the Issuer or the Relevant Agent to reduce the amount so payable 
on such date to less than such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable), PROVIDED 
THAT the foregoing shall not apply if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Minimum 
Amount Adjustment Prohibition" is not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding 
sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor to make any modification to the Securities pursuant to General Condition 
12(b) above. 
(d) 
(i) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein, each of the 
Issuer and the Relevant Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take 
into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, 
in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on 
the hedging arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party (as defined in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the Securities. The exercise of the Issuer's and/or 
the Relevant Agent's and/or such other person's discretion in respect of the Securities as 
provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a 
material modification or disruption to an Underlying to which the Securities are linked) 
may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Securities which may materially affect the 
costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Securities or relevant hedging 
arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing 
of the Securities. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. 
unavailability or disruption to any reference source), it may no longer be reasonably 
practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying

--- Page 393 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
361 
 
or otherwise in connection with the Securities to be made, thus making it necessary for 
the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(ii) 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that "Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" is applicable, then: 
(A) 
General Condition 12(d)(i) (Exercise of Discretion) shall not apply and any 
hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, 
the Relevant Agent or any other person, as the case may be (for the avoidance of 
doubt, including without limitation that the following text at the end of paragraph 
(i) of the definition of "Reference Rate" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
7.3 shall be disregarded: "or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the 
Securities which are derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference 
Rate"); 
(B) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person, 
that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person, as the case may be, 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, including without 
limitation any such determination, consideration, election, selection or otherwise 
which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the sole and absolute discretion of 
the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any other person; 
(C) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Relevant 
Agent or Issuer may adjust the terms of the Securities (without the prior consent 
of the Securityholders), the Relevant Agent or Issuer (as applicable) shall take all 
reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar terms and conditions 
so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential characteristics of the 
Securities is not substantial and is made in order to preserve the original economic 
rationale and objectives of the Securities; 
(D) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Relevant 
Agent or Issuer may substitute or replace an Underlying or Reference Asset or 
other asset (without the prior consent of the Securityholders), the Relevant Agent 
or Issuer (as applicable) may only replace the applicable original Underlying or 
Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) with a replacement asset which is 
as similar as possible to the original Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset 
(as applicable) being replaced or substituted; 
(E) 
the Securityholders may not be charged (whether directly or indirectly via 
deduction from any amount(s) payable or asset(s) deliverable under the Securities 
under the Conditions) any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in (C) and (D) above or (without 
prejudice to the terms of (A) above) in respect of any cost to the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any of their respective affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Securities 
(including, without limitation, any options relating to any Underlying or 
Reference Asset or other asset hedging the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities); and 
(F) 
in each of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) 
(Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) 
(in each case, in the definition of "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") and 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b)(i)(d), the following phrase shall be

--- Page 394 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
362 
 
disregarded: "and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of any such delay". 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 12(d)(ii) (Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)) shall prevail 
(save that in the case of any inconsistency General Condition 12(b) (Modifications) shall 
prevail over this General Condition 12(d)(ii) (Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC))). 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 12, hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, 
the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be 
delivered under the Securities as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing 
directly in an Underlying or by entering into securities transactions or loan transactions or 
derivative transactions or any combination thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make 
an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing an 
Underlying, or in the case of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, by entering into 
securities transactions, loan transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions in unfunded 
form with economically equivalent terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a combination of such 
credit derivative transactions with one or more other derivative contracts. Such hedging 
arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains 
arrangements for hedging the Securities together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it 
in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but will do 
so without having regard to the interests of Securityholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes 
or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any 
hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Securityholder and no Securityholder will have recourse to any such 
hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions (including the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) to determine 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. When making any such 
determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the 
Relevant Agent and/or such other person may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider 
any relevant information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or 
more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information 
sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, 
prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data 
in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other persons) or other 
information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other person is required to 
make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
person in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Securities

--- Page 395 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
363 
 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency which 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency.  
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility  
None of the Issuer, the Relevant Agent and any such other person makes any express or implied 
representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to 
the Securities, (ii) the value of the Securities at any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) 
any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Relevant Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) 
even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Relevant Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder 
for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Securities and 
act solely as agents of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In respect of French Law Securities, neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall be held responsible 
for any loss or damage, resulting from any force majeure event as defined in article 1218 of the 
French Code Civil. Where the Issuer or any of the Agents is prevented from effecting payment 
or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be postponed until the time the event or 
circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have no obligation to pay or deliver any 
additional amounts in respect of such postponement. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Relevant Agent or any of 
its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to 
any Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for 
example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Relevant Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Securities 
or any Underlying and as a result the Relevant Agent may face a conflict between its obligations 
as Relevant Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent in respect of the Securities 
shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the 
interests of any Securityholder. 
13. 
Replacement of Securities 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law 
Securities, a Security is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or 
such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer 
for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Security is subsequently

--- Page 396 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
364 
 
presented for payment or delivery (where applicable), there will be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable or an amount equal to the amount so deliverable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Securities must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. This Condition shall not apply to Swedish 
Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law Securities. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Securities (or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon) PROVIDED 
THAT, for the avoidance of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the Conditions 
to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Securities and so that the same shall be 
consolidated (with respect to French Law Securities, assimilées) and form a single Series with 
such Securities, and references in the Conditions to "Securities" shall be construed accordingly. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in relation to Securities other than Finnish Securities, Swedish Securities and French 
Law Securities 
All notices to the holders of Registered Securities will be deemed validly given if mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date 
of mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Registered Security Certificate(s) representing the Securities are held in its or their entirety (as 
applicable) on behalf of any Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as 
provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to each Relevant Clearing System for 
communication by them to the holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Securities on the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing System the 
first such Relevant Clearing System. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required 
by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date specified above or, if deemed given 
more than once or on different dates, on the date first so deemed given as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, 
with the Registrar. Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, such notice may be given by any Securityholder to the Registrar through the 
Relevant Clearing System in such manner as the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System 
may approve for this purpose. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules 
of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or 
places required by those rules.  
So long as any Securities are admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market or Euro MTF Market, all 
notices to the holders of such Securities shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any such notices will be deemed validly given the date specified above or on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date first deemed given 
or published as provided above.

--- Page 397 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
365 
 
(b) 
Notices in relation to Finnish Securities 
Notices to holders of Finnish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
Securityholder on the address registered for such Securityholder in the Euroclear Finland 
Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Registrar in accordance with the Euroclear 
Finland Rules. 
With respect to Finnish Securities listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin (Euronext Dublin) (or other stock exchange or relevant authority, as applicable) and so 
long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange or relevant authority) and any 
such notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(c) 
Notices in relation to Swedish Securities 
Notices to holders of Swedish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
holder of Securities to the address registered for such holder in the system of Euroclear Sweden 
or in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given, if sent by mail to the holder, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by 
mail. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Securities shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
With respect to Swedish Securities listed on Euronext Dublin (or another stock exchange, as 
applicable) and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange) and any such 
notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices in relation to French Law Securities 
(i) 
Notices to the Securityholders of French Law Securities in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (A) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (B) at the option of 
the Issuer, as long as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, they are published (I) in a leading daily newspaper having general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (II) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF 
or (C) so long as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on any 
regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or other 
stock exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city 
where the regulated market or other stock exchange on which such French Law Securities 
are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent 
authority or regulated market of the EEA Member State where the French Law Securities 
are listed and admitted to trading. 
(ii) 
Notices to the Securityholders of French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur) shall 
be valid if published (A) so long as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, (I) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (II) in accordance with Articles 221-3 
and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF or (B) , so long 
as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market 
or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or other stock exchange 
so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the 
regulated market or other stock exchange on which such French Law Securities are listed 
and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or 
regulated market of the EEA member state where the French Law Securities are listed 
and admitted to trading.

--- Page 398 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
366 
 
(iii) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first such publication. 
(iv) 
Notices required to be given to the Securityholders of French Law Securities (whether 
in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France and any other clearing system through which the 
French Law Securities are for the time being cleared, in substitution for the mailing and 
publication of a notice required by General Conditions 15(d)(i), (ii) and (iii) above; 
except that for so long as the French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on 
a regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or 
other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock 
exchange on which such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading is 
located. 
(v) 
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to General Condition 12(a) 
(Meetings of Securityholders) and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France and any other clearing system through which the French Law Securities are for 
the time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Conditions 15(d)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) above shall not apply to such notices. 
(vi) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the first publication. 
(e) 
Notices to Fiscal Agent 
Notices to the Fiscal Agent should be copied to, or forwarded by the Fiscal Agent to, the Issuer. 
16. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge 
into any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as 
an entirety to any Person (as defined below), other than (i) in the case of Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and in relation to the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI and 
in relation to the CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or 
more of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless  
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by 
conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Issuer 
substantially as an entirety (the successor corporation) shall be a corporation organised 
and existing under the laws of any of the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in any such case, any 
political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be required to be 
taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of General 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor), expressly assume, the due and punctual payment of, in the case of a 
consolidation or merger in respect of the Issuer, the principal, interest or termination 
amounts and the due and punctual delivery of all assets on all the Securities and the 
performance of the Conditions on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, in 
the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor, all amounts 
due under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of the Securities and 
the performance of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee on the part of the CGMHI Guarantor 
to be performed or observed, or, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
CGMFL Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of the Securities and the performance of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee on the part of the CGMFL Guarantor to be performed or observed; and

--- Page 399 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
367 
 
(ii) 
if the Securities are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange 
shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the 
Securities will continue to be listed or traded on such stock exchange. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or 
government or agency or any political subdivision thereof, and "Subsidiary" means any Person 
of which a majority of the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding 
ownership interests entitled to voting power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) 
shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as 
applicable, and/or one or more relevant Subsidiaries.  For this purpose, "voting power" means 
power to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the case of a Person that is not a 
corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons holding similar 
positions). 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer 
or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with General Condition 16(a) 
(Consolidation or Merger) above, the successor corporation formed by such consolidation or 
into which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, is merged 
or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, 
and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, with the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named 
as the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, herein (subject as 
provided in General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor)), and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation 
shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the Conditions, the Securities, the 
relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or 
merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor only), the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (in the case 
of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor only) and the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 17 shall be ignored in relation 
to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this 
General Condition 17 shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 17 applies to a substitution, at any time, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, of Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with any company (the Substitute), provided that in respect 
of: 
(i) 
a substitution of Citigroup Inc., such substitution is subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions for substitution set out in General Condition 17(c) (General Conditions for 
Substitution) below; and 
(ii) 
if "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a substitution of CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor, such substitution is subject 
to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General Condition 17(c) 
(General Conditions for Substitution) below; and 
(iii) 
if "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a substitution of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such substitution is subject 
to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General Conditions 17(b)

--- Page 400 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
368 
 
(Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) and 17(c) (General Conditions 
for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
If "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Securityholders, 
substitute for itself any Substitute, provided that: 
(i) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer or 
the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the Original Entity), of 
at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; or 
(ii) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Additional Requirements are satisfied. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17(b), "Additional Requirements" means the 
application of each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including without 
limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, 
bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Original Entity shall 
unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of the Substitute 
arising from the Conditions in relation to the Securities; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both (I) 
the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, on the 
date of such substitution, shall demonstrate a long term credit rating from at least 
one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the international 
capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity from the following 
rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) 
which is at least as high as that of the Original Entity; 
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Securityholders in 
relation to any additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Securityholders due 
to differences between the regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the Original 
Entity and the Substitute, in each case which arise and become payable solely as 
a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; or 
(II) no occurrence of an event which remains in existence on such date which, in 
the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute an Event of 
Default, in relation to the Securities. 
(c) 
General Conditions for Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place 
pursuant to this General Condition 17: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, 
the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, in the case of a substitution of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, in the case of a substitution of 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done, and 
shall continue in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute has become party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer 
from the date of such substitution, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
the case may be, from the date of such substitution;

--- Page 401 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
369 
 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer have obtained: 
(A) 
legal opinions from independent legal advisers of recognised standing in the 
country of incorporation of the Substitute and in England that the obligations of 
the Substitute, under the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may 
be, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(B) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMHI (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis as it 
applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute 
(provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (B) shall be required 
where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor with respect to Securities issued 
by CGMHI); 
(C) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis as it 
applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute 
(provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (C) shall be required 
where the Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to Securities issued 
by CGMFL); and 
(D) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the Substitute 
and the Securities comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act; 
(iv) 
such substitution is permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities 
are listed and each such stock exchange has confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed or will appoint a process agent to act as its 
agent in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Securities; 
(vi) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has 
given notice of the date of such substitution to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices); 
(vii) 
in the case of Finnish Securities only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted by 
Euroclear Finland;  
(viii) in the case of Swedish Securities only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted 
by Euroclear Sweden; and 
(ix) 
if "Additional French Law Securities Requirements" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as "Applicable", each of (A) - (C) below (together, the Additional French Law 
Securities Requirements) are satisfied: 
(A) 
the Substitute has assumed all obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) or any previous substituted company arising from or in connection 
with the French Law Securities or the Guarantee (as the case may be);  
(B) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and the Substitute have obtained 
all necessary authorisations and are able to transfer all amounts required for the 
fulfilment of the payment obligations under the French Law Securities or the 
Guarantee (as the case may be) to the relevant Agent (in the currency required 
under the French Law Securities) without being obliged to deduct or withhold any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which the

--- Page 402 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
370 
 
Substitute or the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) has its domicile or 
tax residence; and  
(C) 
the Substitute has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each French 
Securityholder against (I) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Securityholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction 
of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation which would not have been so imposed if the substitution had not 
been made and (II) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, any cost or 
expense in respect of such substitution imposed by the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation. 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 17, the Substitute may, without 
the consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. The provisions specified in this 
General Condition 17 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions to 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, where 
the context so requires, be deemed to be or to include references to any such further 
Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor 
may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases references to the CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 17 (including any further 
substitution as contemplated by General Condition 17(d)(ii) above), any Substitute may, 
without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
CGMHI may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this 
General Condition 17, notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into Citigroup Inc. pursuant to General Condition 16 
(Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor 
without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions which shall be 
construed accordingly; or 
(B) 
CGMFL may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this General 
Condition 17, notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor or (II) merge or 
be consolidated into CGML pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or 
Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor without, in either case, 
there being any breach of the Conditions which shall be construed accordingly. 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 17 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI 
Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the substitution of the CGMFL 
Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any 
resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, upon or following the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, becoming subject to any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, 
resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For so long as any Securities are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall 
be notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of 
such stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be 
complied with (including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(vii) 
Upon the substitution of Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this General Condition 17 or General 
Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute,

--- Page 403 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
371 
 
as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other 
than the United States (or any other jurisdiction substituted for the United States pursuant 
to the Conditions), references in General Condition 9(a) (Taxation) and the definition of 
"Event of Default" in General Conditions 11(a)(iv) and 11(a)(v) (Events of Default) to 
the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined 
by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such 
substitution, be replaced with references to the jurisdiction under which such successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(viii) Upon the substitution of CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor, pursuant to this General 
Condition 17 or General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the 
laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction substituted 
for the United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 9(b) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 11(a)(iv) and 
11(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and any 
related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the Issuer to be 
appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is 
organised and existing. 
(ix) 
Upon the substitution of CGMFL, pursuant to this General Condition 17 or General 
Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute, 
as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other 
than Luxembourg (or any jurisdiction substituted for Luxembourg pursuant to the 
Conditions): 
(A) 
references in General Condition 9(c) (Taxation) to Luxembourg (or such other 
jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if 
determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be 
replaced with references to the jurisdiction under which such successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing; and 
(B) 
the following words shall be added to the end of paragraph (vi)(A) of the 
definition of "Event of Default" in General Condition 11(a) (Events of Default) 
immediately following the words "or other similar arrangement": 
", or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, 
any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is 
organised and existing has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to 
above in this definition". 
(x) 
Upon the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor  pursuant to this General Condition 17 
or General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom (or any jurisdiction substituted for the United 
Kingdom pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 9(c) (Taxation) 
and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 11(a)(vi)(B) and 
11(a)(vi)(C) (Events of Default) to the United Kingdom (or such other jurisdiction) and 
any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the Issuer 
to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is 
organised and existing. 
(xi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, the Securityholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Securities, are 
expressly deemed to have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in 
accordance with this General Condition 17 and to the release of CGMFL from any and 
all obligations in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 404 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
372 
 
(xii) 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be made 
to the Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation or 
Substitute, including without limitation, to reflect the requirements of the BRRD or the 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime.  
18. 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Securityholders, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents, designate a Redenomination Date, 
being a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Securities shall be a date for payment of 
interest under the Securities) falling on or after the date on which the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the 
Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the 
Conditions: 
(a) 
(in the case of Notes) each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated 
in such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant 
Specified Currency at the Established Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(b) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, other than 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, 
will be made solely in Euro as though references in the Securities to the relevant 
Specified Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to 
a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the 
agreement of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to Securities denominated in Euro including but not limited 
to where the securities are in global form. Any such other changes will not take effect 
until after they have been notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
As used in the Conditions: 
Established Rate means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest-bearing Securities) any date for payment 
of interest under the Securities or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Securities) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to General 
Condition 15 (Notices) and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the Specified 
Currency participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the Treaty. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent will be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this General Condition 18 will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 405 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
373 
 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Securities (other than as provided below in relation to Finnish Securities, Swedish 
Securities and Irish Law Securities) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law 
or French Law (such Securities governed by French Law, French Law Securities). For the 
avoidance of doubt, where CGMFL is the Issuer, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies 
Act 1915, are hereby excluded. 
In addition, no Securityholder may initiate proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-
21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
In relation to each Series of Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of such Series 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such agreement shall 
be governed by the governing law of such Securities.  
The Finnish Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Notwithstanding 
this, the registration and transfer of the Finnish Securities in Euroclear Finland's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Finnish law. 
The Swedish Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Notwithstanding 
this, the registration of the Swedish Securities in Euroclear Sweden's system for the registration 
of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Swedish law. 
The Irish Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Irish law. 
The French Cleared Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Notwithstanding this, the registration of the French Cleared Securities in Euroclear France's 
system for the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, French law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of French Law Securities 
issued by CGMHI (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature 
(whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or its formation) shall be governed by English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All Monies Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of French Law Securities issued by CGMFL (and any dispute, 
controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or 
otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, the All 
Monies Guarantee or its formation) shall be governed by English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
Securities (other than French Law Securities) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Securities (other than the French Law Securities and the Irish Law 
Securities), including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities (other than the French 
Law Securities and the Irish Law Securities) (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be submitted to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 406 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
374 
 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders (other than any Securityholders that hold French 
Law Securities or Irish Law Securities) irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders (other than any Securityholders 
that hold French Law Securities or Irish Law Securities) taking proceedings in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
The Irish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the Irish Law Securities, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Irish Law Securities 
(an Irish Law Dispute) and all Irish Law Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Irish courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders that hold Irish Law Securities irrevocably submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders that 
hold Irish Law Securities taking proceedings in relation to any Irish Law Dispute waives any 
objection to the Irish courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Irish Law Dispute. 
French Law Securities 
In respect of French Law Securities only, the Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Securities, including any Dispute and all 
Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Paris courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the Paris courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders taking proceedings in relation to 
any Dispute waives any objection to the Paris courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH 
SECURITYHOLDER 
HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY 
AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) 
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION 
BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE 
SECURITIES OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF 
CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR 
WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE SECURITYHOLDERS 
(d) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK branch of Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom (correspondence to be marked for 
the attention of the Company Secretary) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citibank 
Europe plc, UK branch being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute 
and shall immediately notify holders of Securities of such appointment in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, having its registered office at 1 North Wall 
Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland (correspondence to be marked for the attention of the General Counsel, 
c.c. Markets Legal Team) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the Irish 
courts in relation to any Irish Law Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe plc 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of any Irish Law Dispute and shall 
immediately notify holders of Securities of such appointment in accordance with General

--- Page 407 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
375 
 
Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
In respect of French Law Securities only, an agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the Paris courts may be appointed through an "election de domicile" in France as provided 
by French law. Nothing in this General Condition 19(d) shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law. 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties 
The Securities (other than the Irish Law Securities) confer no right under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Securities (other than the Irish Law 
Securities), but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. This General Condition 20 shall not apply to French Law 
Securities. 
21. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:  
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if 
"Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day" then "Business Day" shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any 
successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) "T2" or "T2 
Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be a day on which the T2 (as defined 
below) is operating; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) or any successor or replacement for that system 
(the T2 ) is operating. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of Economic and Monetary Union. 
Instalment Amount means in respect of a Security and an Instalment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein. 
Instalment Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 408 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
376 
 
Relevant Agent means the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Securities, the Determination Agent and each reference to a Relevant 
Agent shall be deemed to be a reference to the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent, 
as applicable and as the context may require.  
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
T2 Business Day means a day on which the T2 is operating. 
22. 
Italian Listed Certificates 
(a) 
Maturity Date 
Where the Securities are Italian Listed Certificates then, notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Conditions, such Securities shall be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiry 
Date (Data di Scadenza) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Expiry Date). The 
minimum number of Italian Listed Certificates that may be exercised in respect of a 
securityholder is one (1) Italian Listed Certificate or multiples in excess thereof. 
(b) 
Transfer 
The Italian Listed Certificates shall be transferred in lots at least equal to the Minimum Trading 
Lot, as defined by the listing rules of the market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A., or multiples thereof, as determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and held through the relevant clearing system. Transfers may be effected 
only upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant clearing system. 
(c) 
Record Date 
In the case of Italian Listed Certificates, the Record Date will be fixed in accordance with the 
rules of Borsa Italiana and any relevant guidelines and will be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(d) 
Notices 
In the case of the Italian Listed Certificates and in addition to the requirements set out in General 
Condition 15 (Notices), if and so long as the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A so require, any notice 
to the Securitiyholders will be published by delivering such notice to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be 
published on www.borsaitaliana.it or otherwise in accordance with the relevant rules of Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A., guidelines and market practice. 
(e) 
Substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
In case of Italian Listed Certificates and notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, 
in addition to the requirements of General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), on a substitution of (i) in the case of Securities issued 
by Citigroup Inc., the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or (iii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
obligations of the substitute in respect of the Securities will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by (x) in the case of a substitution of Citigroup Inc., acting as Issuer, Citigroup Inc. 
or (y) in the case of a substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor or (z) in the 
case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor (as original obligor in 
respect of such Securities). 
23. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(a) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, 
becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-

--- Page 409 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
377 
 
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (each, a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime), the transfer of the Securities (where the Securities are Covered Instruments) and/or 
(in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMHI) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or (in 
the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMFL) the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (together, 
the Relevant Agreements) (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the 
Relevant Agreements)  from the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under 
such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States 
or a state of the United States; and  
(b) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their 
respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 
United States Code (U.S.C.) 1841(k)) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime, default rights against the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state 
of the United States. For purposes of this paragraph "default right" has the meaning assigned 
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations 
(C.F.R.) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered Instrument" 
refers to any Security that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial contract" as such 
term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

--- Page 410 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
378 
 
SECTION G.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Security Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Bond Index means each Security Index classified as such is the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Security means, in respect of a Security Index, each component security or debt 
instrument included in such Security Index. 
Exchange means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, either (i) each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Single Exchange Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to any such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the relevant Component Securities has 
temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Component Securities on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system); or (ii) where 
"Principal Exchanges" is specified as the Exchange in respect of a Single Exchange Index, the 
exchange or quotation system on which each relevant Component Security is (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) principally traded; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or 
trading system on which such Component Security is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
principally traded. 
Exchange Business Day means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Single Exchange Index on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Single Exchange Index is open for trading during its respective regular 
trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Multiple Exchange Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes 
the level of such Security Index and each Related Exchange for such Multiple Exchange Index 
is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that any Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component Security that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Security Index, the corporation or other entity which (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Security Index; and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Security Index. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Component Security, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) any Component Security at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 411 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
379 
 
Market Disruption Event shall have the meaning given to it in Security Index Condition 3(a) 
(Single Exchange Index) (in respect of a Single Exchange Index) or in Security Index Condition 
3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) (in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index). 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Component Security, the lowest rate that 
any Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow 
such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Multiple Exchange Index means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Security Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of a Security Index, then "Related Exchange" means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Security Index. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Security Index, a Scheduled Trading Day and 
an Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Security Index, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of such Single Exchange Index is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading sessions; and (b) in respect of 
a Multiple Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor in respect of such Multiple 
Exchange Index is scheduled to publish the level of such Multiple Exchange Index, (ii) each 
Related Exchange in respect of such Multiple Exchange Index is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session and (iii) the X Percentage is no more than 20 per cent. of 
the relevant Component Securities. 
Security Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Security Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Single Exchange Index means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
X Percentage means, in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and any day, the percentage of 
relevant Component Securities which are scheduled to be unavailable for trading on any relevant 
Exchange on such day by virtue of that day not being a day on which such relevant Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. For the purposes of 
determining the X Percentage in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, the relevant percentage 
of a relevant Component Security unavailable for trading shall be based on a comparison of (a) 
the portion of the level of such Multiple Exchange Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (b) the overall level of such Multiple Exchange Index, in each case, using the 
official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data".

--- Page 412 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
380 
 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Security Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which 
circumstances, where the level of such Security Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the 
Security Index for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day 
Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date 
(and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index where Single Valuation Time 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index or a Single Exchange 
Index where Single Valuation Time is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and a Scheduled Trading Day: (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Security Index has occurred: (A) in respect of any Component Security, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; and (B) 
in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such Security Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of such Security Index is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the level of such 
Security Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Security Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Security Index, the time at which the level of such Security Index is being 
determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Security Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Security Index on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
(a) 
Single Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Single Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
a relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of Component 
Securities which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security 
Index; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding

--- Page 413 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
381 
 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for relevant Component Securities which in aggregate comprise 
20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of Component Securities which in 
aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day). 
(b) 
Multiple Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Multiple Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of any relevant 
Component Security, and the aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected 
plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; 
or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other

--- Page 414 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
382 
 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for any relevant Component Security, and the aggregate of all 
relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of any relevant Component Security 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange System for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day), and the 
aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange System for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day). 
(c) 
Determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Security Index at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in 
respect of a Component Security of such Security Index at such time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of such Component Security to the level of such Security Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to 
such Component Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, either (A) where 
such Security Index is a Single Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event; or (B) where such Security Index is a Multiple Exchange Index, using 
the official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data". 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Component Security at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs 
in respect of such Component Security at such time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of such Component Security to the level of the relevant Security Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, using the official opening weightings 
as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 415 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
383 
 
(a) 
such Security Index is either (a) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the 
relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a 
successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of such Security Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be 
deemed to be such Security Index); and 
(b) 
each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution 
can reasonably be made under Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation of a 
Security Index and Security Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Security Index, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution 
(i) 
Security Index Adjustment Events 
If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Security Index Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Security Index, (A) on or prior 
to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such Security Index 
or in any other way materially modifies such Security Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Security Index in the event of 
changes in Component Securities and capitalisation and other routine events) (a Security 
Index Modification); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Security Index and no Successor Index 
(as defined in Security Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) exists (a 
Security Index Cancellation); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation Date the relevant 
Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and announce such 
Security Index (a Security Index Disruption, and together with a Security Index 
Modification and a Security Index Cancellation, a Security Index Adjustment Event), 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Security Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Securities, and if so, either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Security Index, the 
level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and the 
method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of such Security Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Component Securities or other assets or instruments which comprised such 
Security Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Security Index 
Adjustment Event (other than those Component Securities or other assets or 
instruments which have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); 
and/or 
(B) 
substitute such Security Index as provided in Security Index Condition 6(b)(ii) 
(Security Index Substitution) and make such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate 
in relation to such substitution to account for the effect of such Security Index

--- Page 416 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
384 
 
Adjustment Event in order to preserve the original economic rationale and 
objectives of the Securities; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event in order to preserve the 
original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment."; and 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Security Index Substitution 
If Security Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Security Index Condition 
6(b)(i)(B) (Security Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by the 
Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Security Index 
Substitution. 
Security Index Substitution means, in relation to a Security Index Adjustment Event or 
an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Security Index the subject of such Security 
Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a new security 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement security index 
which is reasonably comparable to the relevant Security Index and using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Security Index 
or a replacement security index selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new security 
index shall be deemed to be a Security Index in place of the Security Index the subject 
of the Security Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Security Index on a Disrupted Day 
If, in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), an Underlying Closing Level of a Security 
Index is to be determined on a Valuation Date which is a Disrupted Day for such Security Index, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Security 
Index at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Security Index, using either (i) the price traded or 
quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of 
each Component Security contained in such Security Index; or (ii) (if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component Security on that Valuation 
Date) its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component Security as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date.  
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day on which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Security Index because one or more relevant Related 
Exchanges is not scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Security Index solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails 
to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine any such day either (A) to be 
the Valuation Date in respect of a Security Index, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Security Index because one or more such Related Exchanges

--- Page 417 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
385 
 
is not scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a 
Disrupted Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Security 
Index; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related 
Exchange; and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Conditions for Bond Indices 
In relation to Security Indices which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Bond 
Indices, all references to "Security Index" and "Security Indices" in these Security Index 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to "Bond Index" and "Bond Indices" and these 
Security Index Conditions shall be deemed to be amended as set out below. 
(i) 
Valuation 
The definition "Valuation Time" set out in Security Index Condition 2(a) (Closing 
valuations) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred in respect of any relevant Component Security, the time at which such 
Component Security is valued for the purposes of determining the level of such Bond 
Index for the relevant day; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the level 
of such Bond Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor.". 
(ii) 
Market Disruption Event 
In relation to a Bond Index, the definition of "Market Disruption Event" set out in 
Security Index Condition 3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) shall be amended by the 
insertion of the word "or" at the end of sub paragraph (viii) and the insertion of the 
following paragraphs as sub-paragraphs (ix) to (xii) after sub-paragraph (viii) thereof: 
"(ix) a general moratorium is declared in respect of banking activities in the country in 
which the Exchange in respect of a Component Security is located (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(x) 
the difference between the bid and offer prices of any Component Security 
increases compared to that prevailing as at the Issue Date at any time (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(xi) 
the calculation of such Bond Index is impractical or impossible at any time save 
in circumstances in which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
publish such Bond Index as described in Security Index Condition 6(b) 
(Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index 
Substitution); or 
(xii) 
a reduction in liquidity in any Component Security and/or any other event or 
circumstance that is beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer that prevents or 
limits transactions in the Component Security (which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material).". 
(iii) 
In relation to a Bond Index, Security Index Condition 6 (Additional Provisions) shall be 
amended as follows: 
(1) 
the first paragraph of Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation 
of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution) shall be amended by the 
deletion of the words "(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain such Security Index in the event of changes in Component

--- Page 418 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
386 
 
Securities and capitalisation and other routine events)" in the third, fourth and 
fifth lines thereof and the substitution of the words "(other than a modification 
prescribed in the conditions or methodology of the relevant Bond Index to 
maintain the relevant Bond Index in the event of changes in Component Securities 
and other routine events)" therefore; and 
(2) 
Security Index Condition 6(d) (Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-
material events) shall not apply to the Bond Index. 
(iv) 
In relation to a Bond Index, there shall be no definition of "Related Exchange" and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 419 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
387 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Inflation Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if "Fallback Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued 
by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays interest or a redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (i) the same day as the Maturity Date; (ii) the next 
longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date; 
or (iii) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described in (a) or (b) 
above is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union (EMU), then the Calculation Agent will select an 
inflation-linked bond which is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays interest or a redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the EMU. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or 
before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same 
date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the 
Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index redeems, then the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time 
the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged).  
Index Sponsor means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity which (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
Inflation Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
Successor Index. 
Inflation Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to 
such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Payment Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity 
Date or other date to which such Valuation Date relates. 
Reference Month means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Valuation Date, each month 
specified as such for such Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Revision Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Valuation Date and a 
related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference Month, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 420 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
388 
 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to an Inflation Index. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
(a) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Valuation Date 
Any Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index and the 
Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply thereto. The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Inflation Indices (if any). 
(b) 
Substitute Index Level 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or announced by 
the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall, subject to any 
provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determine a substitute index level (the 
Substitute Index Level) by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for the affected 
Reference Month as that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of any relevant Fallback Bond; and 
(ii) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute Index 
Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Substitute Index Level in accordance with the formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level ∗(Latest Level/Reference Level) 
Where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month for 
which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index 
Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month 
referred to in the definition for "Latest Level" above; and 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month is published 
or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then such 
Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any calculation. The Substitute Index Level 
determined pursuant to this Inflation Index Condition 3 (Disruption To Valuation) will 
be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the relevant Reference Month. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index if 
Inflation Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Inflation Index, which the 
Calculation Agent determines are material.

--- Page 421 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
389 
 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index 
if Inflation Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Successor Index can be determined under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(e) (Modification of an Inflation Index). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of an Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index) 
is subject as provided in Inflation Index Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the 
level of an Inflation Index) below. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index, 
or any revision to such Underlying Closing Level made no later than the relevant Revision Cut-
off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If "No Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation 
Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Underlying Closing Level 
will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No 
Revision" shall be deemed to apply. 
(c) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an Underlying Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a manifest error no later than 
the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days 
following the first publication and announcement of such Underlying Closing Level, then the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Underlying Closing Level for the purposes of any 
calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. Any correction to an Underlying Closing 
Level of such Inflation Index published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not 
be used in any calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. In the event of any 
inconsistency (as determined by the Calculation Agent) between this Inflation Index Condition 
6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) and Inflation Index 
Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the operation of this Inflation Index 
Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) shall prevail. 
(d) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If Inflation Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index; and/or (iii) the Index Sponsor 
cancels such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation Index with 
a successor index (a Successor Index) by using the following methodology:

--- Page 422 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
390 
 
(i) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by 
the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be designated a 
"Successor Index" for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Valuation 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under sub-paragraph (i) and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the relevant Index Sponsor, specifying 
that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation index specified 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula 
or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Securities from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next following Payment Date, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Index". 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such 
replacement and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Securities. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(e) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms (i) (if a 
Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index) as are consistent with any adjustment 
made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or (ii) (if no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant 
Inflation Index) as are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation 
Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation 
Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(f) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for the purposes 
of determining any Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made by the calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or

--- Page 423 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
391 
 
appropriate to account for such rebasing and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) 
to the Securities.  
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Securities.

--- Page 424 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
392 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Commodity Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Commodity Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Component means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each component included in such 
Commodity Index. 
Component Trading Day means, in respect of a Component, a day on which the Exchange for 
such Component is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to the Scheduled Closing Time for such 
Component. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each exchange, quotation system, over-the-
counter market or principal trading market on which each relevant Component is (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) principally traded and, in respect of a Component of a Commodity 
Index, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or principal trading market on 
which such Component is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) principally traded. 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Commodity Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Commodity Index. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index; and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular basis.  
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity Index and options contracts and futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index, any exchange on which such options contracts or futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index are traded. 
Scheduled Closing Time means (a) in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day and an Exchange or 
a Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours trading or any other 
trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such Exchange and (b) in respect of 
a Component Trading Day, a Component and the Exchange for such Component, the scheduled 
weekday closing time on such Exchange on such Component Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such 
Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any day on which the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Commodity Index and, where 
Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
day on which the Exchange for each Component of such Commodity Index is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior 
to the Scheduled Closing Time for the relevant Component. 
Successor Index shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Index Condition 4 
(Additional Adjustment Events). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the imposition of, change in or 
removal of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date,

--- Page 425 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
393 
 
if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of 
the Commodity Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax means, 
in respect of a Component or commodity relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Commodity Index on such Valuation Date or, where the level of 
such Commodity Index is only published once in respect of any day, the level of such 
Commodity Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level 
of such Commodity Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for 
that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the Commodity Index for or in respect 
of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances 
the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day), 
on the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Disrupted Day has 
occurred: (A) in respect of any relevant Component, the time at which such Component is 
valued for the purposes of determining the relevant level of such Commodity Index, and (B) in 
respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Commodity Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, either (A) where the level 
of such Commodity Index is only published once a day, the time at which the level of such 
Commodity Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (B) 
otherwise, the time at which the official closing level of the Commodity Index is calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Commodity Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the level of such Commodity Index is being determined during 
such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
any of the events set out below occurs: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity Index; 
(ii) 
a temporary or permanent failure by the relevant Exchange to announce or publish 
a relevant price for any relevant Component of such Commodity Index; 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant

--- Page 426 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
394 
 
Exchange of relevant Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Commodity Index;  
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or option contracts relating to such Commodity 
Index;  
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub 
paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for relevant 
Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Commodity Index;  
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub 
paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (on any Related 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Commodity Index;  
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of relevant Components which 
in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Commodity Index 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option 
contracts relating to such Commodity Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
(unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least 
one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(b) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which any of 
the events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity 
Index; or 
(y) 
such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Component of such Commodity 
Index as specified in sub-paragraphs (ii)(x), (y) or (z) below. 
(ii) 
in respect of a Component, any Component Trading Day on which any of the 
events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the failure of a relevant Exchange to announce or publish the settlement 
price for such Component (or other relevant price, or prices from which 
such price is calculated); 
(y) 
the suspension of or limitation on trading in such Component on the 
relevant Exchange which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or

--- Page 427 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
395 
 
(z) 
the closing or settlement price for such Component is a "limit price" which 
means that such closing or settlement price for such Component for the 
relevant day has increased or decreased from the previous day's closing or 
settlement price by the maximum amount permitted under applicable 
exchange rules. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
(a) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: such Commodity Index is either (i) not calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Commodity Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be deemed to be such 
Commodity Index); 
(b) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(b) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Commodity Index, which 
the Calculation Agent determines are material; or 
(c) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) such 
Tax Disruption is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index 
if Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation 
or substitution can reasonably be made under Commodity Index Condition 6(b) (Modification 
or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Commodity Index, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution 
(i) 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events 
If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Commodity Index Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, (A) on or 
prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies such Commodity Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Commodity 
Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a 
Commodity Index Modification); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant 
Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Commodity Index and no Successor 
Index (as defined in Commodity Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) 
exists (a Commodity Index Cancellation); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation Date the 
relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and 
announce such Commodity Index (a Commodity Index Disruption, and together with 
a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such

--- Page 428 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
396 
 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, 
either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Commodity Index, the 
level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and the 
method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Components or other assets or instruments which comprised such Commodity 
Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event (other than those Components which have since ceased to be listed on any 
relevant Exchange); and/or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall substitute such Commodity Index as provided in 
Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(ii) (Commodity Index Substitution) and make 
such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Commodity Index Substitution 
If Commodity Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Commodity Index Condition 
6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a 
Disrupted Day) shall be, and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response 
to an Adjustment Event may include, a Commodity Index Substitution. 
Commodity Index Substitution means, in relation to a Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Commodity Index the subject of 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with 
a new commodity index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement 
commodity index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
level of such Commodity Index). Such new commodity index shall be deemed to be a 
Commodity Index in place of the Commodity Index the subject of the Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a Disrupted Day 
(i) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms if an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index is determined on a 
Scheduled Trading Day which is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity Index in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Commodity Index at the 
Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity Index, using either 
(i) the price traded or quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Scheduled Trading Day of each relevant Component; or (ii) (if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component on that

--- Page 429 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
397 
 
Scheduled Trading Day) its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant Component 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(ii) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if a Specified Valuation Date for a Commodity Index is a Disrupted Day 
for such Commodity Index, then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of 
the relevant Commodity Index for such Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date using the then-
current method for calculating the level of such Commodity Index based on: 
(A) 
with respect to each Component which is not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on such 
Specified Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Component which is affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on the 
earlier of: (1) the first succeeding day immediately following such Specified 
Valuation Date which is a Component Trading Day for the relevant Component 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for such Component; and (2) the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days for 
the relevant Commodity Index immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant Component 
would fall on a day which is a Disrupted Day for such Component, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant Component for the relevant 
Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing or settlement price of such 
Component for such day. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant Component 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for the 
relevant Commodity Index prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the Commodity Index Cut-off Date), such date of valuation 
shall be deemed to be the Commodity Index Cut-off Date (notwithstanding that such date 
either (I) is not a Component Trading Day for such Component; or (II) is a Disrupted 
Day for such Component; or (III) is a Disrupted Day for the relevant Commodity Index), 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
Component for the relevant Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing 
or settlement price of such Component for such day. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not 
apply to a Specified Valuation Date relating to a Commodity Index except that, if a Disrupted 
Day occurs in respect of an Underlying other than a Commodity Index and "Move in Block" is 
specified for "Valuation Disruption (Disrupted Days)" in respect of the relevant Valuation Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
thereto PROVIDED THAT if by operation of such provision the relevant Valuation Date would 
thereby fall after the relevant Commodity Index Cut-off Date, the provisions set out in the 
preceding paragraph shall apply. 
In all other cases, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination 
of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not 
Commodity Indices (if any).

--- Page 430 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
398 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodities. 
1. 
Definitions 
Abandonment of Scheme means that, at any time before to the Maturity Date, the Scheme is, 
as a result of official written public pronouncement by the European Community, no longer 
scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
For which purpose: 
Allowance Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance 
trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended by 
Directive 2004/101/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 October 2004, and 
as amended from time to time. 
Registry Regulation means the EU Commission Regulation adopted, or to be adopted, in order 
to establish a standardised and secured system of registries pursuant to Article 19(3) of Directive 
2003/87/EC and Article 6(1) of Decision 280/2004/EC, as amended from time to time. 
Scheme means the scheme for transferring allowances (as defined in the Allowance Directive) 
established pursuant to the Allowance Directive and the Registry Regulation, and as 
implemented by the national laws of the member states from time to time. 
Bullion Commodity means a Commodity which is any of gold, palladium, platinum or silver. 
Calculation Agent Determination means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity (or 
the method for determining the Relevant Price of such Commodity) for the relevant Valuation 
Date, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Price 
and any other information it deems relevant.  
Cancellation means an Additional Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
as set out in Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) and the Securities 
will be redeemed in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
Commodity means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Commodity Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Commodity Dealers means the four dealers specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if four 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity, the price or other unit of quotation for 
such Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Delayed Publication and Announcement means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the 
Underlying Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, using the Relevant 
Price for such Valuation Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on any succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. The next Disruption Fallback shall 
apply if the Disruption Event continues to exist or the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date 
continues to be unavailable for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Valuation Roll (measured from and including the original day for which the Underlying Closing

--- Page 431 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
399 
 
Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) was sought), subject as provided in Commodity 
Condition 6(b) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted 
Day).  
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
relevant date or month for delivery of such Commodity: (a) if a date is, or a month and year are, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that date or that month and year; (b) if a Nearby Month 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the month of the expiration of the relevant Futures 
Contract; and (c) if a method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of 
determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to such 
method. 
Disappearance of Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (b) the 
disappearance of, or of trading in, such Commodity; (c) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuation or unavailability of the relevant Commodity Price, notwithstanding the 
availability of the relevant Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract 
or the relevant Commodity. 
Disrupted Day shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted 
Day). 
Disruption Event means each of a Disappearance of Commodity Price, a Material Change in 
Content, a Material Change in Formula, a Price Source Disruption, a Tax Disruption, and a 
Trading Disruption which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day). 
Disruption Fallback means each of Calculation Agent Determination, Cancellation, Delayed 
Publication and Announcement, Fallback Commodity Dealers, Fallback Commodity Price, 
Postponement which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback). 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market specified 
for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
principal trading market. 
Fallback Commodity Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level 
(as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date on the basis of quotations for the 
Commodity Price of such Commodity provided by Commodity Dealers on such date for 
delivery on the relevant Delivery Date (if applicable). If four quotations are provided as 
requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of such 
Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the prices provided by each 
Commodity Dealer, without regard to the highest price and the lowest price. If exactly three 
quotations are provided as requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the price which remains 
after disregarding the highest price and the lowest price. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation have the same value, then one such quotation will be disregarded. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date cannot be determined 
and the next Disruption Fallback shall apply, subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day).  
Fallback Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as 
relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date using the Commodity Price 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an alternative Commodity Price.  
Futures Contract means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
contract for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the Delivery Date relating to such 
Commodity specified in such Commodity Price. Where "Futures Contract" is preceded by a

--- Page 432 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
400 
 
numerical adjective, such Futures Contract shall be the Futures Contract expiring in the Nearby 
Month having the same numerical adjective, so that for example (a) First Futures Contract 
means the Futures Contract expiring in the First Nearby Month; and (b) Second Futures 
Contract means the Futures Contract expiring in the Second Nearby Month. 
Material Change in Content means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Trade 
Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract. 
Material Change in Formula means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Trade Date of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant 
Commodity Price. 
Nearby Month means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Valuation Date, when preceded by 
a numerical adjective, the month of expiration of a Futures Contract identified by means of such 
numerical adjective, so that for example (a) First Nearby Month means the month of expiration 
of the first Futures Contract to expire following such Valuation Date; and (b) Second Nearby 
Month means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following such 
Valuation Date. 
Non-bullion Commodity means a Commodity other than a Bullion Commodity. 
Postponement means, in respect of a Valuation Date and any Commodity to be valued on such 
Valuation Date, that such Valuation Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) (Determination 
of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day). 
Price Source means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication or other source (including an 
Exchange) containing or reporting the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from 
which such Relevant Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Commodity or any successor which shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be the Electronic Page. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from which 
such Relevant Price is calculated); (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuation or 
unavailability of the relevant Price Source; or (c) if a Relevant Price is "Fallback Commodity 
Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant 
Commodity Dealers. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the price published or 
announced by or on behalf of the relevant Price Source in respect of such Valuation Date for 
the relevant Commodity Price or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determined in 
accordance with "Fallback Commodity Dealers". 
Scheduled Trading Day means (a) in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, either (i) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is a price published or announced by an Exchange, any 
day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or (ii) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is not a price published or announced by an Exchange, 
any day in respect of which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to announce or publish a 
price; and (b) in respect of a Bullion Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and New York City (or as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the Relevant Price on a 
day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have been without such 
imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax means, in respect of a

--- Page 433 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
401 
 
Commodity, any excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or other similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a 
tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income). 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the suspension of or limitation on 
(which the Calculation Agent determines is material) trading in (a) such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; or (b) any additional futures contract or 
options contract specified for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms on any exchange, 
trading system or quotation system on which any such futures contract or options contract is 
traded. For these purposes, a suspension of trading in a Commodity or the relevant Futures 
Contract shall be deemed to be material only if: (a) all such trading is suspended for the entire 
relevant Valuation Date; or (b) all such trading is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading 
on the relevant Valuation Date and does not recommence prior to the scheduled close of trading 
on the relevant Valuation Date, and such suspension is announced less than one hour before the 
start of such suspension. For these purposes, a limitation on trading in a Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Valuation Date shall be deemed to be material only if 
the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of such Commodity 
or Futures Contract may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of such Commodity or 
Futures Contract on such day is at the upper limit or the lower limit of such range. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, as displayed on or reported by the 
applicable Electronic Page.  
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the Relevant Price 
of such Commodity observed continuously during the regular market hours on such Valuation 
Date, as displayed on or reported by the applicable Electronic Page. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time shall not apply to a Commodity. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Disrupted Day 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Commodity on which an applicable Disruption Event occurs. 
If no Disruption Events are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the following 
Disruption Events will apply: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading Disruption; 
(C) Disappearance of Commodity Price and (D) Tax Disruption; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading 
Disruption; (C) Disappearance of Commodity Price; (D) Material Change in Formula; 
(E) Material Change in Content and (F) Tax Disruption. 
(b) 
Disruption Fallback 
If no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then, in order to 
determine the Underlying Closing Level for a Valuation Date, the following Disruption 
Fallbacks will apply in the following order:

--- Page 434 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
402 
 
first, (if an alternative Commodity Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Fallback 
Commodity Price; 
second, Delayed Publication and Announcement and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other) PROVIDED THAT the price determined by Postponement shall be 
the Relevant Price only if "Delayed Publication and Announcement" does not yield a Relevant 
Price within the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days;  
third, Calculation Agent Determination; and 
fourth, Cancellation. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity if 
Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event on a Valuation Date and the failure or 
deemed failure of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks to provide a Relevant Price; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Early Redemption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Commodity, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day 
If a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Commodity, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date, the Relevant 
Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date or, if no such Relevant Price can be 
so determined, Cancellation shall apply. 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to a Commodity 
where Postponement is the applicable Disruption Fallback. Where the applicable Disruption 
Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation 
Date shall not be adjusted in relation to a Commodity, the Disruption Fallback provisions set 
out below shall apply thereto and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only 
apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Commodities (if any). 
If an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity is to be determined on a day which is a 
Disrupted Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), then the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply.

--- Page 435 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
403 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Share". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Share means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, each share specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Share Company means, in respect of a Component Share, the issuer of such 
Component Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in 
respect of such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share 
has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share is open for trading 
during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Share, a dividend or a distribution or portion 
thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating 
to such Share. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party would 
incur a rate to borrow such Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the rate that any Hedging Party would 
have incurred to borrow such Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such Share at 
a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the lowest rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such Share 
as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Reference Index means, in respect of a Share which is the subject of a Share Substitution, an 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (a) in respect of which such Share is, or has been at 
some time during the immediately preceding six months, a component; and (b) in respect of 
which (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) futures contracts are actively traded. If more 
than one index satisfies the criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such indices shall be the Reference Index. If no index satisfies the 
criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall select the Reference 
Index by reference to such criteria it deems appropriate. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures

--- Page 436 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
404 
 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED 
THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All 
Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Related Exchange in 
respect of a Share, then "Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Share, the scheduled weekday closing 
time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange in respect of such Share is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
respective regular trading session. 
Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Share Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Share Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Stapled Share means each Share in respect of which Stapled Share is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time. 
In the case of a Share the relevant Exchange of which is in the Republic of Italy, such closing 
price shall be the "Prezzo di Referimento". 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such Share 
observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Share, the time at which the price of such Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(c) 
Dividend Adjusted Performance 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dividend Adjusted Performance" to be applicable 
in respect of a Share which is an Interest Underlying(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) and/or Redemption Underlying(s), the definition of "Underlying Closing Level" 
in respect of such Share where it is an Interest Underlying(s), Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 437 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
405 
 
Underlying(s) and/or Redemption Underlying(s) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be as 
follows: 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
where such day (t) is the Start Date (where t = 0), the Underlying Closing Level 
shall be the Price on the Start Date or the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no amount is specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Closing Level shall be the Price on 
the Start Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of any day (t) falling after the Start Date, an amount calculated for such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
UCLt = 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [0; (UCLt−1 ×
Pricet × AFt
Pricet−1 × AFt−1
) −(TDt × act(t −1, t)
365
)] 
Where: 
act(t-1,t) means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day 
(t), the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing from, and 
including, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day and ending on, but 
excluding, such Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Adjustment Factor means, in respect of a Share and: 
(a) 
the Start Date, one; and  
(b) 
any Scheduled Trading Day (t) falling thereafter, the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent for such day in accordance with the following 
formula: 
AFt = ∏Price(ex)t + RDt
Price(ex)t
𝑡
𝑡=0
 
Where: 
Actual Ex-Dividend Date means, in respect of a Share and a Real 
Dividend, the first date on which the Share trades on the relevant Exchange 
without the right to receive such Real Dividend, as specified for such Share 
on the relevant Dividend Screen Page. 
Applicable Percentage means, in respect of a Share, the percentage 
(which may be 100 per cent. but which shall not be less than zero or more 
than 100 per cent.) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
percentage is specified or the Applicable Percentage is specified to be not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, zero. 
Dividend Screen Page means, in respect of a Share, the display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider specified for such 
Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Net Dividend means, in respect of a Share and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, a gross cash dividend in respect of such Share (other 
than any extraordinary or special dividend and prior to deduction of any 
applicable taxes, charges or expenses) that would be received by a holder 
of record of such Share, multiplied by the relevant Applicable Percentage 
of such cash dividend.

--- Page 438 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
406 
 
Price(ex)t means, in respect of a Share and an Actual Ex-Dividend Date 
in respect of such Share or a day (t), the Price of such Share on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day corresponding to 
such Actual Ex-Dividend Date or such day (t), as applicable. 
RDt means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t), (i) if such Scheduled 
Trading Day (t) is an Actual Ex-Dividend Date, the Real Dividend for such 
day, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
Real Dividend or RD means, in respect of a Share and an Actual Ex-
Dividend Date for such Share, the Net Dividend declared in respect of such 
Share in respect of such Actual Ex-Dividend Date, as specified on the 
Dividend Screen Page. If a Real Dividend is payable in a currency (the 
Real Dividend Currency) other than the currency in which such Share is 
quoted on the relevant Exchange (the Underlying Share Currency), then 
the amount of the Real Dividend shall be converted into the relevant 
Underlying Share Currency using the prevailing spot rate of exchange of 
the Real Dividend Currency for the Underlying Share Currency, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Start Date means, in respect of a Share, the Interest Strike Date, and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date and/or Redemption Strike Date 
in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
AFt means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Adjustment Factor in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
AFt-1 means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Adjustment Factor in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
UCLt means, in respect of a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day (t), the 
Underlying Closing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
UCLt-1 means the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Price means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, the official closing price of such 
Share on such day, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
Pricet means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading 
Day (t), the Price of such Share in respect of Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Pricet-1 means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading 
Day (t), the Price of such Share in respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
Scheduled Trading Day (t) means, in respect of a Share, a particular day (t) which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of the Share. 
Target Dividend means in respect of a Share, the amount specified for such Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
TDt means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date falling on Scheduled Trading Day 
(t), the Target Dividend in respect of the Share and Scheduled Trading Day (t). 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share on 
which any of the events set out below occurs:

--- Page 439 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
407 
 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Share and the relevant 
Share Company (as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, a De-stapling Event, an 
Insolvency, a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and a Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation 
to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares, unless resulting in a 
Merger Event; or

--- Page 440 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
408 
 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares of (A) an additional 
amount of such Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Share 
Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Share Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares which are not fully paid; or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Share Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Share Company, an event which results in any shareholder rights being 
diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital 
stock of such Share Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) 
for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT 
any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means, in respect of relevant Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is located 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation system (that 
is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed 
acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Share Company, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Share Company, (A) all the Shares of such Share Company are 
required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Shares of such Share 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring such Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event 
occurs in respect of such Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition

--- Page 441 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
409 
 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares outstanding to another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Share Company is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
of the relevant Share Company, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than those Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Share Company is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or change of all 
such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than those Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such 
event, 
in each case if the "Merger Date" is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date in respect of the Securities or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, Merger 
Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Share Company, that all the Shares or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Company are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof.

--- Page 442 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
410 
 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Share Company, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or 
person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of 
such Share Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
(g) 
De-stapling Event 
De-stapling Event means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, the Component 
Shares are, or are deemed to be, no longer trading as a single stapled security on the relevant 
Exchange. 
(h) 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event means, in respect of any Share which is a 
Stapled Share, the following event(s) in respect of a Component Share thereof and the relevant 
Component Share Company (as relevant): a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, 
a Nationalisation and a Tender Offer (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in 
relation to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms). For such purposes, each reference to a Share or Shares or (as the case 
may be) Share Company in the definitions of Corporate Action, Insolvency, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation, Tender Offer, Extraordinary Dividend and related definitions and terms shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Component Share or Component Shares or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Component Share Company. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Share Substitution 
If Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any adjustment 
made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a Share 
Substitution. 
Share Substitution means 
(i) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share (other than a Stapled Share), the 
replacement of a Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new share selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new share shall be deemed to be a Share in place 
of the Share the subject of the Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share which is a Stapled Share or a Component 
Share of a Stapled Share, the replacement of such Share and/or any or each Component 
Share of such Share (regardless of whether such Share or Component Share is the subject 
of such Adjustment Event) with a new share or new shares selected by the Calculation 
Agent (which (in respect of a Share) shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (regardless of whether such new share is a Stapled Share) 
or which (in respect of a Component Share) shall be a share selected by the Calculation

--- Page 443 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
411 
 
Agent (regardless of whether such share is contained in the Reference Index)). Such new 
share shall be deemed to be a Share in place of the relevant Share or, as the case may be, 
a Component Share in place of the relevant Component Share. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not scheduled to 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (A) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Share; (B) 
any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; and 
(C) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 444 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
412 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Depositary Receipt". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
1. 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions applicable to the Depositary Receipts 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depositary Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
Depositary means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Depositary Receipt. 
Depositary Receipt means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Depositary Receipt Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Depositary Receipt Exchange means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which each Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange for such Depositary Receipt are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, then Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Depositary Receipt. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging 
Party would incur a rate to borrow such Depositary Receipt that is greater than the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 445 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
413 
 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging Party is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) 
such Depositary Receipt at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the lowest rate that any 
Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such 
Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of which the Depositary 
Receipts are issued 
Underlying Share means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the underlying share(s) or other 
securities in respect of which such Depositary Receipt is issued. 
Underlying Share Company means, in respect of an Underlying Share, the issuer of such 
Underlying Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Share Exchange means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Underlying Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying Share and 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to the related Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which 
each Underlying Share Exchange and each Underlying Share Related Exchange for such 
Underlying Share, are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Underlying Share Related Exchange means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue Terms 
or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the applicable Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of an Underlying 
Share, then Underlying Share Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to both the Depositary Receipts and the Underlying Shares in respect of 
which the Depositary Receipts are issued 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt or an Underlying Share, a 
dividend or a distribution or a portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to 
be an extraordinary dividend relating to such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share (as 
relevant). 
Scheduled Closing Time means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a Scheduled Trading Day and a Depositary Receipt 
Exchange or a Depositary Receipt Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Depositary 
Receipt, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange; and

--- Page 446 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
414 
 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an Underlying Share 
Exchange or an Underlying Share Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Underlying 
Share, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Underlying Share Exchange or 
Underlying Share Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any day on which each 
Depositary Receipt Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect of such 
Depositary Receipt and, where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, each Underlying Share Exchange and each 
Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of the relevant Underlying Share is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its respective regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing price of such Depositary Receipt on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depository Receipt, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the price of 
such Depositary Receipt observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the time at which the price of such 
Depositary Receipt is being determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
If "Full Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (n) below (inclusive) shall apply. 
If "Partial Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (g) below (inclusive) only shall apply. 
Disrupted Day means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Depositary Receipt on which any of the applicable events set out below occurs. 
In respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(a) 
any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange or any relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary Receipt 
Exchange of the Depositary Receipt; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related

--- Page 447 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
415 
 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; 
or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such Depositary Receipt; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Exchange on 
such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business 
Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect 
of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for 
the submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt 
Exchange Business Day); 
In respect of the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(h) 
any relevant Underlying Share Exchange or any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying Share Exchange 
of the Underlying Share; or 
(j) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(k) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability

--- Page 448 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
416 
 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such Underlying Share; or 
(l) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Related Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(m) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any relevant Underlying Share Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Exchange on such 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of 
orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day); or 
(n) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Related Exchange 
on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange 
Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the 
relevant Depositary, the related Underlying Share and the relevant Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and an Underlying Share Event (but in each case only if the 
relevant event is specified in relation to Depositary Receipt Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment 
Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption 
Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, unless resulting in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares 
to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares of (A) an additional amount of such Depositary Receipts 
and/or such Underlying Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Depositary 
or Underlying Share Company (as relevant) equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant); or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or

--- Page 449 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
417 
 
other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company in respect of relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, which are not fully paid; 
or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company or any of its subsidiaries 
of relevant Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, an event which results in 
any shareholder rights being diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Depositary or such Underlying Share 
Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the Calculation Agent, be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares; or 
(ix) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of a relevant Deposit 
Agreement; or 
(x) 
a distribution in respect of relevant Underlying Shares to the holders of such Underlying 
Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to such Underlying Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means: 
(i) 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or the relevant 
Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, such Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and are not (or 
will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such 
Underlying Share Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange or such 
Underlying Share Exchange is located within the European Union, in any Member State) 
or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent); 
or 
(ii) 
where "Partial Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or, where 
an Underlying Share Exchange is specified in respect of an Underlying Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and/or the relevant Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, 
such Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such

--- Page 450 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
418 
 
Underlying Share Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and (A) such Depositary Receipt is not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange is located 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation 
system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country 
(that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent); or (B) such Underlying Share is 
not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system regardless of the location of such exchange or quotation system. 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, that either (i) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the relevant Depositary or Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant), (A) all the Depositary Receipts of such Depositary and/or all the 
Underlying Shares of such Underlying Share Company are required to be transferred to an 
Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying Shares 
become legally prohibited from transferring such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as 
relevant); or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer of all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or any Underlying Shares, 
any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares which 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding to another entity or person; 
or

--- Page 451 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
419 
 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or the relevant Underlying Share Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Depositary and/or Underlying Share Company is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts or all such 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying 
Shares (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or its subsidiaries or the relevant Underlying Share Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant) is the continuing entity and which does not result in the 
reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts and/or all such Underlying 
Shares (as relevant) outstanding but results in the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means that all the Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Depositary and/or such Underlying Share Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Depositary and/or an Underlying Share Company, a 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such Depositary or such Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant), as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
(g) 
Underlying Share Event 
Underlying Share Event means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, (i) written instructions are 
given at any time by the relevant Underlying Share Company to the relevant Depositary to 
withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; or (ii) the relevant Deposit Agreement is at any 
time terminated. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt. 
6. 
Additional Provisions

--- Page 452 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
420 
 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Depositary Receipt Substitution 
If Depositary Receipt Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Depositary Receipt Substitution. 
Depositary Receipt Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement 
of a Depositary Receipt (the Affected Depositary Receipt) and/or an Underlying Share (the 
Affected Underlying Share) the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new depositary receipt 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a depositary receipt with the Same Underlying 
Share and Currency or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or share selected by the Calculation Agent 
(which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or selected by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) (the 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria). Such new depositary receipt shall be deemed to be 
a Depositary Receipt in place of the Affected Depositary Receipt and/or such new share shall 
be deemed to be an Underlying Share in place of the Affected Underlying Share. 
Same Underlying Share and Currency shall mean, in respect of an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, a depositary receipt issued in respect of the same existing Underlying Share as the 
Affected Depositary Receipt and denominated in the same currency as the Affected Depositary 
Receipt. If no such replacement depositary receipt is selected or available, then the relevant 
Underlying Share shall be substituted in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Substitution 
Criteria for an Affected Underlying Share and the replacement depositary receipt shall be a 
depositary receipt issued in respect of such replacement Underlying Share. 
Reference Index shall mean, in respect of an Affected Underlying Share, the index (a) of which 
such Affected Underlying Share is a component or of which it has been a component at any time 
during the six months immediately preceding the relevant substitution; and (b) over which 
futures contracts are actively traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If more than one 
index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) above, or if no index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) 
above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Index for such Affected 
Underlying Share by reference to such criteria as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Depositary Receipt on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchanges and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled 
to be open; and/or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for the relevant Depositary Receipt solely because any relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchanges fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Depositary Receipt, notwithstanding that such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt because one or more relevant Depositary 
Receipt Related Exchanges and/or Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled to

--- Page 453 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
421 
 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any relevant Underlying 
Share Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Depositary 
Receipt; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any such relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange; or (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Manner in which an adjustment may be made in response to an Adjustment Event 
The adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may (but 
need not) be determined by reference to any adjustment in respect of such Adjustment Event 
made by the relevant Depositary under the relevant Deposit Agreement.

--- Page 454 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
422 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"ETF Share". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
ETF Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such in respect of such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such ETF Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such ETF Share is 
open for trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of an ETF Share, a dividend or a distribution or a 
portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend 
relating to such ETF Share. 
Fund means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund in respect of such ETF Share according to the Fund Documents 
of such Fund and such ETF Share. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person appointed 
in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to 
another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, or 
any successor. 
Fund Documents means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the constitutive and 
governing documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, and the subscription 
agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Shares and as amended 
from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person 
who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund in respect of such 
ETF Share, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents or any successor, including 
without limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, 
depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent or domiciliary agent. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party 
would incur a rate to borrow such ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 455 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
423 
 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of an ETF Share, the rate that any Hedging Party 
would have incurred to borrow such ETF Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such ETF 
Share at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a ETF Share, the lowest rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such ETF 
Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of an ETF Share, then Related Exchange means each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures contracts or option contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such ETF Share, the scheduled weekday 
closing time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without 
regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share is scheduled to be open for trading for 
its respective regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such ETF Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such 
ETF Share observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the price of such ETF Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF 
Share on which any of the events set out below occurs:

--- Page 456 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
424 
 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of the ETF Share; 
or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such ETF Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on 
such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of an ETF Share and the 
relevant Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a Regulatory Action 
and a Cross-contamination (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to 
Exchange Trade Funded (ETF) Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means:

--- Page 457 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
425 
 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares, unless resulting 
in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant ETF Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant ETF Shares of (A) an 
additional amount of such ETF Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant 
Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or 
(D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment 
(whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant ETF Shares, whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash or otherwise other than in respect of a redemption of ETF Shares 
initiated by an investor in such ETF Share that is consistent with the relevant Fund 
Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means, in respect of relevant ETF Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer) and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
located within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation 
system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is 
deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting such Fund, (A) all the ETF Shares are required to be transferred to an Insolvency 
Officer; or (B) holders of such ETF Shares of such Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring or redeeming such ETF Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such 
Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained,

--- Page 458 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
426 
 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETF Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or 
person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF 
Shares of the relevant Fund, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in the reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Fund, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such 
Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(f) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Fund, that all the ETF Shares of such Fund or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof.

--- Page 459 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
427 
 
(g) 
Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any change or 
modification of the Fund Documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share which could 
reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies 
of any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the 
Trade Date. 
(h) 
Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any breach or 
violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of such Fund 
in respect of such ETF Share which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, to affect: (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of 
any such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(i) 
Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, (i) the cancellation, 
suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund or such ETF Share by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or such ETF Share; (ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such Fund 
or its Fund Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in such ETF Share; 
or (iii) such Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
Cross-contamination means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the occurrence 
of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different 
classes, series or sub-funds of such Fund, and such event continues, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of an ETF Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of an ETF Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
ETF Share Substitution 
If ETF Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include an 
ETF Share Substitution. 
ETF Share Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of an ETF 
Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new exchange-traded fund share selected by 
the Calculation Agent (which shall be an exchange-traded fund share which tracks the Related 
Index or another index having the same or substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as the Related Index or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any 
other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (the ETF Share Substitution 
Criteria)). Such new exchange-traded fund share shall be deemed to be an ETF Share in place 
of the ETF Share the subject of the Adjustment Event.

--- Page 460 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
428 
 
For which purposes, "Related Index" means, in respect of an ETF Share, either (a) the index 
specified for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) where no index is specified 
for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms, an index representing a substantially similar 
industry and sector, with reference to comparable implied volatility, forward value and liquidity 
relative to the index tracked by such ETF Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
more than one index satisfies the criteria in (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Related Index for such ETF Share by reference to such criteria as it deems 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an ETF Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for an ETF Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to 
open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of an ETF Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted 
Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected ETF Share; 
(II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; 
and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 461 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
429 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Mutual Fund Interest". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Mutual Funds. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Fees or Charges Event, Fund Adviser Event, 
Holding Ratio Change, Limitation Event, NAV Trigger Event, New Information Event, Non 
Currency Redemption, Asset Trigger Event, Delisting and/or Related Agreement Termination, 
in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Actual Interim Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) actually determines the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund or, if such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, 
a date on which such Mutual Fund actually determines its aggregate net asset value. 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) would determine the value (however expressed) of a Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid 
to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a 
redemption of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
Asset Trigger Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the aggregate net asset value of the 
Mutual Fund Interests held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is more than 10 per cent. of 
the aggregate net asset value of such Mutual Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at 
any time. 
Delisting means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, that the relevant Exchange (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such 
Mutual Fund Interest ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event) and is not (or will not be) immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country 
as the Exchange or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent). 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, a dividend or a 
distribution or portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an 
extraordinary dividend relating to such Mutual Fund Interest. 
Fees or Charges Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the imposition of any fees or 
charges in relation to redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of relevant Mutual Fund Interests 
other than any such fee or charge in existence on the Trade Date. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest according to the 
Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund and such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary 
investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Mutual Fund 
in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 462 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
430 
 
Fund Adviser Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that the Calculation Agent determines 
(a) that at any time after the Trade Date, the total value of the assets managed by the relevant 
Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) is equal to or less than 100,000,000 
United States dollars (or its equivalent) or such other amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (the AUM Threshold) or (b) that over any period of twelve months, the total value of the 
assets managed by the relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) has 
decreased by fifty per cent. (either due to redemptions or decrease in the value of such assets or 
otherwise). 
Fund Documents means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, the 
constitutive and governing documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund 
Interest and the subscription agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such 
Mutual Fund Interests and as amended from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund 
Documents or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including without limitation 
any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary 
agent. 
Holding Ratio Change means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the reduction of such Mutual Fund's 
aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has, or is likely to have, a material adverse effect on the performance or management of such 
Mutual Fund or would increase the proportion of the Mutual Fund Interests held, or likely to be 
held, by any Hedging Party, to the extent that the full redemption of the Mutual Fund Interests 
held by such Hedging Party is likely to be delayed or become subject to "gating" by such Mutual 
Fund. 
Hypothetical Investor means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, a hypothetical investor in Mutual 
Fund Interests of such Mutual Fund deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, as provided 
in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding, as of the Trade Date, an interest in such 
Mutual Fund equal to the relevant number (determined by the Calculation Agent) of such 
Mutual Fund Interests; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, 
to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice requesting a subscription for the relevant 
number of such Mutual Fund Interests; and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of an 
investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice 
requesting a redemption of the relevant number of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
Limitation Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) a material limitation is imposed on 
dealings in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, (b) such Mutual Fund's dealing schedule is 
changed (including, but not limited to, a change in notice periods for redemptions or imposition 
of gating provisions), (c) subscription and/or redemption liquidity in any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests is reduced, (d) there is a material reduction in the assets under management of such 
Mutual Fund since the Trade Date or (e) any other event occurs which restricts, in whole or in 
part (on a permanent or temporary basis), dealings of any nature with respect to any relevant 
Mutual Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant event occurs pursuant to any provisions 
permitting such Mutual Fund to restrict in any way dealings with respect to the relevant Mutual 
Fund Interest). 
Mutual Fund means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the issuer of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mutual Fund Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Mutual Fund Interest means each mutual fund share or unit classified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (i) if a NAV Trigger Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that at any time after the Trade Date, the Relevant Price

--- Page 463 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
431 
 
of the Mutual Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Actual Interim Valuation 
Date or Actual Redemption Valuation Date has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater 
than, such NAV Trigger Percentage or (ii)such Mutual Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Mutual Fund 
or any of its assets. 
NAV Trigger Percentage means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the percentage, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
New Information Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) any information provided to 
the Calculation Agent by or in connection with such Mutual Fund, the relevant Fund Adviser, 
the relevant Fund Administrator or other Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in 
any respect or (b) the publication or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or 
becomes available which, if considered by itself or with information previously provided to the 
Calculation Agent, would be likely to cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in 
or to seek to realise any investment in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Non Currency Redemption means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests are redeemed otherwise than in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the 
currency(ies) in which as of the Trade Date (and according to the relevant Fund Documents or 
as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent) it is intended redemptions of the relevant 
Mutual Fund Interests shall occur. 
Related Agreement Termination means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, such Mutual Fund or 
any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or other relevant party specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer or any of 
its Affiliates or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and 
licensing. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the value of such Mutual Fund 
Interest as reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of 
the relevant Mutual Fund to its investors or a publishing service and displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date in respect of such Mutual Fund and/or any Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date in 
respect of such Mutual Fund, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in 
respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of such Mutual 
Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund Interest or, if 
such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the date as of which such Mutual 
Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate net asset value. 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
such Mutual Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical 
Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a redemption of such 
Mutual Fund Interests (such redemption to be effected on the basis of the value determined as 
of such day).

--- Page 464 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
432 
 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and a Valuation Date, 
the Relevant Price of such Mutual Fund Interest in respect of such Valuation Date either (a) 
where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such 
Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level of such Mutual Fund Interest is 
published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have 
been the level calculated for the Mutual Fund Interest for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation 
Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day). 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to a Mutual Fund Interest. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Mutual Fund Interest on which there is: 
(i) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Interim Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date to be an Actual Interim Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date to be an Actual Redemption Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
a failure by such Mutual Fund on or before such day to pay the full amount (whether 
expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with respect to 
any Mutual Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or before such day according 
to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
Mutual Fund Interests). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
and the related Mutual Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, an Adviser Resignation Event, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a 
Regulatory Action, a Reporting Disruption, a Cross-contamination, and a Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to Mutual 
Fund Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, unless 
resulting in Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Mutual Fund Interests to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Mutual Fund Interests of 
(A) an additional amount of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the relevant Mutual Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Mutual Fund as 
a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights

--- Page 465 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
433 
 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less 
than their prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Mutual Fund of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than in respect of 
a redemption of Mutual Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Mutual Fund 
Interests that is consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
(b) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Mutual Fund, (A) all the Mutual Fund Interest of such Mutual Fund 
are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Mutual Fund Interests 
of such Mutual Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming such Mutual 
Fund Interests; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Mutual Fund or any of its 
Fund Service Providers. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Mutual Fund Interest, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Mutual Fund Interest which results in a transfer of or 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests outstanding to 
another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or

--- Page 466 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
434 
 
binding share exchange in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual 
Fund Interests of the relevant Mutual Fund, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests (other than those 
Mutual Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in the reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests (other than those Mutual 
Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests 
immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable). For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing 
date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law 
applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that all the Mutual Fund Interests of such 
Mutual Fund or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Mutual Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Advisor Resignation Event 
Advisor Resignation Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, the resignation, termination of the appointment or replacement of the Fund Advisor in 
respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and any such Fund Advisor is not immediately replaced 
by another fund advisor acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
any change or modification of the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such 
Mutual Fund Interest which could reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such Mutual 
Fund Interest; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any Mutual Fund Interest as 
compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(g) 
Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of 
such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest which is reasonably likely, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (i) the value of such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any such Mutual Fund Interest as compared with 
those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(h) 
Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
(i) the cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Mutual Fund 
or such Mutual Fund Interest by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over 
such Mutual Fund or such Mutual Fund Interest; (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of such Mutual Fund Interest, such Mutual Fund or its Fund Adviser which

--- Page 467 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
435 
 
is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact 
on the value of such Mutual Fund Interest or on any investor in such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(iii) such Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to 
any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Mutual Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(i) 
Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the occurrence of any event affecting such Mutual Fund which would make it impossible or 
impracticable to determine the value of such Mutual Fund Interest, and such event continues, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
Cross-contamination means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the occurrence of a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, series or 
sub-funds of such Mutual Fund. 
(k) 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a failure by a Fund Service Provider in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and 
such Mutual Fund to perform any of its obligations in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and 
such Mutual Fund and such Fund Service Provider is not immediately replaced by another fund 
service provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund if 
Mutual Fund Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably 
be effected under Mutual Fund Condition 6(d) (Adjustments following an Adjustment Event). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution 
If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Mutual Fund Substitution. 
Mutual Fund Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a 
Mutual Fund Interest (the Affected Mutual Fund) the subject of such Adjustment Event with 
a new mutual fund share or unit selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be an Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest or selected in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) (the Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria). Such new mutual fund 
share or unit shall be deemed to be a Mutual Fund Interest in place of the Affected Mutual Fund 
Interest. 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest means a mutual fund share or unit in a fund which is a 
mutual fund which: 
(i) 
if "Liquidity" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in 
the applicable Issue Terms, provides daily liquidity (subject to certain exceptions 
specified in the relevant fund documents acceptable to the Calculation Agent and 
conforming to accepted market standards) and the shares or units of which (however

--- Page 468 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
436 
 
described in the relevant fund documents) may be subscribed or sold to or redeemed by 
the relevant fund at a value equal to the net asset value on a fund business day (however 
described in the relevant fund documents) (subject to exceptions as aforesaid) by giving 
no more than two fund business days' notice, without the imposition of any charges by 
such fund in respect of such subscription, sale or redemption;  
(ii) 
if "Similar Strategy" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria in the applicable Issue Terms, which has the same or substantially similar 
strategies as the Affected Mutual Fund; and  
(iii) 
if "Same Currency" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria 
in the applicable Issue Terms, has the same currency as the Affected Mutual Fund.  
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Mutual Fund Interest on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments following an Adjustment Event 
Any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event pursuant to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) may include substitution of the 
relevant Underlying in whole or in part as specified therein and, in the event that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such substitution of the relevant Underlying cannot reasonably be 
made, may, also include Monetisation in respect of the relevant Underlying and the Calculation 
Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it deems appropriate 
in relation to such Monetisation. 
For the purposes of the above, Monetisation means: 
(i) 
on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation 
Date), the Calculation Agent shall value the amount of the Mutual Fund Interest affected 
by the Adjustment Event (the Affected Mutual Fund Interests) relating to a Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) 
(such value, less any costs and expenses of unwinding any related Hedging Positions, 
the Affected Mutual Fund Value); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust the formulae or method of determining any amounts 
payable in respect of the Securities to reflect the Affected Mutual Fund Value in lieu of 
the Relevant Price of the Affected Mutual Fund Interest, and shall adjust the Redemption 
Amount to include an amount in respect of interest (compounded on a daily basis) on the 
Affected Mutual Fund Value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, accrued at an 
overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent during the 
period from (and including) the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 469 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
437 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"FX Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to FX Rates or any other Securities where this Underlying Schedule is specifically 
stated to apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A 
The provisions of this Part A apply where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
Base Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in respect 
of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Currency Pair means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and the Base 
Currency specified for such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Event Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and/or the Base 
Currency, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Event Currency Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which 
such Event Currency is the lawful currency. 
Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange for exchange of the relevant Quote Currency 
into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or parts thereof) of the Quote 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) which appears on the 
relevant Electronic Page at approximately the Valuation Time, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
FX Rate means: 
(a) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is not specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the "inverse of" and/or the "product of" and/or the "quotient of" (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) each Exchange Rate specified for such 
FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FX Rate Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Governmental Authority means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Non-Event Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate and the relevant Currency Pair, 
the currency of such Currency Pair which is not the Event Currency. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of Price Materiality, the percentage specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Primary Rate means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined as 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Quote Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 470 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
438 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have settled payments and been open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial 
Centres specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined 
as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Financial Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Exchange 
Rate(s). 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate observed continuously 
during such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Exchange Rate(s). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Currency Disruption Event means any of Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Governmental Authority Default, Illiquidity, Material Change in 
Circumstances, Nationalisation, Price Materiality, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability, each such term as defined below, and any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Dual Exchange Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the split of any Exchange Rate specified for such FX Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
General Inconvertibility means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s) and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible or not reasonably practicable to convert any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
General Non-Transferability means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to deliver (a) any relevant Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the relevant Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority Default means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for 
borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any

--- Page 471 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
439 
 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation, or rescheduling of any principal, interest, 
or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee. 
Illiquidity means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain a firm quote to 
determine the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) for any relevant amount at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
Material Change in Circumstances means the occurrence of an event in an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for (i) any Hedging Party to fulfil its obligations under any Hedging 
Position and (ii) for any entity generally to fulfil obligations similar to such Hedging Party's 
obligations under any Hedging Position. 
Nationalisation means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by a Governmental Authority which 
deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its assets in any Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Price Materiality means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price 
Materiality Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Specific Inconvertibility means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting, 
restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party to convert 
the whole, or part thereof, of any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any 
current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any relevant Event Currency into the relevant 
Non-Event Currency) other than where such hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure by such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging 
Party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specific Non-Transferability means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to deliver (a) any relevant amount in any relevant Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside such Event Currency Jurisdiction or 
(b) any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any 
relevant Event Currency into the relevant Non-Event Currency), other than where such 
hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by 
such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 472 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
440 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source 
Disruption and/or any Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or any Currency Disruption Event 
specified in respect of such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page). 
Repudiation means, in respect of a Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates, or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee of such 
Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
Trading Suspension or Limitation means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in the 
rate(s) required to calculate such FX Rate (which may be, without limitation, rates quoted on 
any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) for such 
Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part A Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated, or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the Successor Currency), as the case may 
be (the Original Currency), for a Successor Currency. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Corrections of published or announced rates 
Correction Period means, in respect of an FX Rate, five Business Days. 
(b) 
Certain Published and Displayed Sources 
If any Exchange Rate is published or announced by more than one price source (including the 
relevant Electronic Page) and the Electronic Page fails to publish or announce that currency 
exchange rate on any relevant Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page), then the relevant Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as relevant) 
for such Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any 
other available price source which actually publishes or announces such currency exchange rate 
on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by such price source) as the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
If any Exchange Rate comprising any applicable FX Rate is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced, or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor 
currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced, or 
adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the Official Successor 
Rate), then the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as applicable) for the relevant

--- Page 473 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
441 
 
Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any available 
price source which publishes or announces the Official Successor Rate (including, but not 
limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable Electronic Page.  
(c) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the 
Securities cannot be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (a Relevant Scheduled Payment Date) due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country for 
which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from transferring the 
Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the country of 
incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a 
natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a Currency Settlement Disruption Event) then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars (USD) (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange 
rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a 
default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
PART B 
The provisions of this Part B apply where EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Rate for such Valuation Date taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
Disruption Event means an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable 
Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the FX Rate being in respect of an

--- Page 474 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
442 
 
FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality, if specified in respect of the FX 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Disruption Fallback means each of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference 
Price, Second Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement which are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange Rate means the Reference Currency/Settlement Currency offered rate for the 
Settlement Currency expressed as the amount of the Reference Currency per one unit of the 
Settlement Currency for settlement in the Number of Settlement Business Days.  
First Fallback Reference Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate as 
reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the First Fallback Rate Source on the First 
Fallback Electronic Page at approximately the First Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon 
thereafter as practicable). For which purpose: 
First Fallback Electronic Page means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
First Fallback Rate Source means, in respect of a First Fallback Reference Rate, the 
source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such First Fallback 
Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any methodology used 
by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
First Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified 
Valuation Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of the relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
First Fallback Valuation Time means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FX Rate means, in respect of each Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Exchange Rate, as reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the FX Rate Source. 
FX Rate Source means, in respect of an FX Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such FX Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
any methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
Number of Settlement Business Days means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related 
Exchange Rate, the number of Reference Currency Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Price Materiality means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either (a) the 
Primary Rate differs from any Secondary Rate by at the least the Price Materiality Percentage 
or (b) there are insufficient responses on the Specified Valuation Date to the relevant survey 
used in calculating the First Fallback Reference Price or, as the case may be, the Second 
Fallback Reference Price. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related 
Second Fallback Reference Rate, as the case may be, on the Specified Valuation Date (or, if 
different the day on which rates for that Specified Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source).

--- Page 475 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
443 
 
Primary Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Reference Currency Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but 
for the occurrence of any Disruption Event, would have been open) for business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in (i) the or each Settlement Currency Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (a Settlement Currency Business Day) and (ii) any of the Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, for the purposes of the definition 
of Valuation Date and the occurrence of a Disruption Event, a Reference Currency Business 
Day will include any day on which commercial banks would have been open but for the 
occurrence in the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency of a banking moratorium or other 
similar event related to any Disruption Event. 
Second Fallback Reference Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate as reported or, as the 
case may be, announced, by the Second Fallback Rate Source on the Second Fallback Electronic 
Page at approximately the Second Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon thereafter as 
practicable). For which purpose: 
Second Fallback Electronic Page means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Second Fallback Rate Source means, in respect of a Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such Second 
Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
Second Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of the 
relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
Second Fallback Valuation Time means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the or each rate(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, a Reference Currency Business Day 
PROVIDED THAT, where the Reference Currency is Brazilian real (BRL) and the Settlement 
Currency is United States dollars (USD), if the Specified Valuation Date falls on a day that, as 
at the Trade Date, is not a Settlement Currency Business Day, then such day shall be a Scheduled 
Trading Day notwithstanding that, due to not being a Settlement Currency Business Day only, 
it is not a Reference Currency Business Day. 
Unscheduled Holiday means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, a day 
that is not a Reference Currency Business Day and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency two Reference Currency Business Days 
prior to the Specified Valuation Date. 
Valuation Postponement means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, that 
if the relevant Disruption Event is (i) a Price Source Disruption, the Underlying Closing Level 
will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day on which 
the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist unless, subject to the provisions of FX Rate 
Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below, the Price Source 
Disruption continues to exist (measured from the date that, but for the occurrence of the Price 
Source Disruption, would have been the Valuation Date) for the number of Maximum Days of

--- Page 476 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
444 
 
Postponement. In such event, the FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency 
Business Day after the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement (and such date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date) in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback or (ii) if the relevant Disruption Event is a Price Materiality, the FX Rate 
will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page(s) at approximately the Valuation 
Time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an FX Rate to which the EMTA Provisions apply.  
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate 
on which a Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing.  
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part B Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: any Relevant Rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority and any such Relevant Rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor currency 
exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or 
other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the Official Successor Rate), then in 
which event the Relevant Rate will be determined as provided herein by reference to such 
Official Successor Rate and the price source which publishes or announces (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have published or announced) such Official Successor 
Rate (including, but not limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority). 
For the purposes of the above, "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure 
government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency. 
Relevant Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate, any First Fallback Reference Rate 
and any Second Fallback Reference Rate. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless Correction Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of an FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction 
of published or announced prices or levels) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate.

--- Page 477 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
445 
 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an FX Rate then the Valuation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date 
EXCEPT, in the event of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on such Specified 
Valuation Date, in which case the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Scheduled Trading Day, subject as follows and as provided in FX 
Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on 
a Scheduled Trading Day as provided above and the Valuation Date has not occurred on or 
before the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement after the Specified Valuation Date 
(any such period being a Deferral Period), then the next day after the Deferral Period that 
would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the FX Rate, 
in which case the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) below will apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and consequently all 
references to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX Rate.  
(c) 
Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
FX Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for an FX Rate, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the Underlying 
Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation Date. 
Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Valuation 
Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to such 
FX Rate, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) other than such 
FX Rate (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, where "Move In Block" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to Disrupted Days, then the adjustment 
provisions above prevail and consequently all references to "for all of the Underlyings" in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX 
Rate. 
If an Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted 
Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate, then the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback will apply. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events 
Notwithstanding the cut-off provisions set out in the definition of Valuation Postponement and 
in FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) above, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled

--- Page 478 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
446 
 
Holiday or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, (x) if upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum 
Days of Postponement, then such day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and (y) if, upon 
the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, a Price Source Disruption 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum Days of Postponement, 
such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and the relevant FX Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
The Cut-off Valuation Date provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions) do not apply to an Underlying that is an FX Rate and, 
accordingly, pursuant to the above provisions, a scheduled date for payment of any amount or, 
as the case may be, delivery of any assets in respect of the Securities will be deferred, if later, 
until the Number of Settlement Business Days following the Valuation Date and such Cut-off 
Valuation Date provisions shall only apply to any Underlying other than an FX Rate (save as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Underlying Schedule applicable to any such Underlying). 
(e) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities 
cannot be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (a Relevant Scheduled Payment Date) due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country for 
which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from transferring the 
Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the country of 
incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a 
natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a Currency Settlement Disruption Event) then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars (USD) (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange 
rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a

--- Page 479 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
447 
 
default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in 
respect of any such delay.

--- Page 480 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS 
448 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Warrant". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Warrants. 
1. 
Definitions 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Warrant, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Warrant means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Warrant Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Warrant Termination Event means, in respect of a Warrant, the cancellation or termination 
of such Warrant for any reason other than (i) by reason of its scheduled exercise by a holder 
thereof or (ii) its automatic exercise pursuant to its terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Warrant and a Valuation Date, the value of 
such Warrant on such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and displayed on 
the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to a Warrant. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day shall not apply to a Warrant and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) shall not apply. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Warrant and the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) shall not apply. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Warrant if Warrant 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: a Warrant Termination Event. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of a Warrant. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Event 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs in respect 
of a Warrant, then, for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early 
Redemption Events), the Early Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Security (in the case 
of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) as specified in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 481 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
449 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Proprietary Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Proprietary Indices.  
1. 
Definitions 
Component means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, each component index, security, 
commodity or other asset included in such Proprietary Index. 
Index Conditions means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Proprietary Index from time to time, as published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Proprietary Index; and (b) calculates and publishes 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Proprietary Index on a regular basis.  If specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Index Sponsor will be the Index Administrator (as defined in 
the relevant Index Conditions) notwithstanding that another entity is specified as the Index 
Sponsor in such Index Conditions. 
Proprietary Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Proprietary Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day in respect of which the level of the Proprietary Index is 
scheduled to be calculated, however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Successor Index shall have the meaning given to it in Proprietary Index Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Component, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of the 
Proprietary Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have 
been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, "Relevant Tax" means, 
in respect of a Component or other asset relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or other asset (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date, the 
level of such Proprietary Index as published on the applicable Electronic Page in respect of such 
Valuation Date (irrespective of the time and date on which such level is so published). 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Proprietary Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 482 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
450 
 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Proprietary Index in respect of which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of 
such Proprietary Index. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
(a) 
if Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms such Proprietary Index is either (i) not calculated and announced by 
or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Proprietary Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be deemed to be such 
Proprietary Index); and 
(b) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent determines that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) such Tax Disruption 
is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably 
be made under Proprietary Index Condition 6(b) (Modification, disruption or cancellation of a 
Proprietary Index and Proprietary Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, 30 calendar days. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if pursuant to the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Disrupted Day), 
the level of a Proprietary Index published in respect of a Valuation Date is disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent, any correction of the level of the relevant Proprietary Index which has been 
disregarded shall also be disregarded. 
(b) 
Modification, disruption or cancellation of a Proprietary Index and Proprietary Index 
Substitution 
(A) 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Events 
If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) (Proprietary Index Adjustment Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Proprietary Index, 
(i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modifies such Proprietary Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Proprietary 
Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a 
Proprietary Index Modification); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant 
Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Proprietary Index and no Successor 
Index (as defined in Proprietary Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) 
exists (a Proprietary Index Cancellation); or (iii) on or prior to any Valuation Date the 
relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and 
announce such Proprietary Index (a Proprietary Index Disruption, and together with a 
Proprietary Index Modification and a Proprietary Index Cancellation, a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such

--- Page 483 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
451 
 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, 
shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant level of such Proprietary Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such 
Proprietary Index, the level of such Proprietary Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and the method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event but using only those Components which comprised such 
Proprietary Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event and, for which purpose, any determination of the value of any 
Component shall be made by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate; and/or 
(ii) 
substitute such Proprietary Index as provided in Proprietary Index Condition 
6(b)(B) (Proprietary Index Substitution), if Proprietary Index Substitution is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and make such adjustments 
(if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it deems 
necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; and/or 
(iii) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Proprietary Index Substitution 
If Proprietary Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any substitution made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Proprietary Index Condition 
6(b)(A)(ii) (Proprietary Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by 
the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Proprietary 
Index Substitution. 
Proprietary Index Substitution means, in relation to a Proprietary Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a Proprietary Index the subject of such 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a 
new index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement index using, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Proprietary Index 
or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Such new index shall be deemed to be a Proprietary Index in place of the Proprietary 
Index the subject of the Proprietary Index Adjustment Event or the Adjustment Event, 
as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) applies. 
(d) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Component 
Disrupted Day 
This Proprietary Index Condition 6(d) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Proprietary Index on a Component Disrupted Day) shall only apply where "Component 
Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 484 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
452 
 
Where Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
Valuation Date for a Proprietary Index (i) is not a Component Scheduled Trading Day or (ii) is 
a Component Disrupted Day, in either case, in respect of one or more of the Components of 
such Proprietary Index (each such Component, an Affected Component and each such date an 
Affected Valuation Date), then any level of the Proprietary Index published in respect of such 
Valuation Date may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Underlying Closing Level 
for such Valuation Date may be determined by the Calculation Agent as the level of such 
Proprietary Index in respect of such Valuation Date determined in accordance with the then-
current methodology for calculating the level of the Proprietary Index, but using: 
(i) 
with respect to each Component which is not an Affected Component, the price, level or 
value of each such Component at the relevant time on the relevant Affected Valuation 
Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Affected Component, the price, level or value for each such Affected 
Component at the relevant time on the earlier of (i) the first succeeding Component 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Affected Component immediately following the 
relevant Affected Valuation Date that is not a Component Disrupted Day for such 
Affected Component and (ii) the Component Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
Component Valuation Roll number of Component Scheduled Trading Days for such 
Component immediately following the relevant Affected Valuation Date,  
PROVIDED THAT if, pursuant to the above, the relevant Valuation Date for any 
Component determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day falling after the 
second Component Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Component Cut-off Date), such 
Valuation Date for such Affected Component shall be deemed to be the Component Cut-
off Date (notwithstanding that such date either (A) is not a Component Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Component or (B) is a Component Disrupted Day for such 
Component) and the provisions of paragraph (iii) below shall apply; 
(iii) 
if the Valuation Date for any Component (as determined in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) above) is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component or is determined to occur 
on the Component Cut-off Date (as provided in paragraph (ii) above), then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price, level or value of the relevant Component in 
the manner (as specified in the relevant Index Conditions) in which the price, level or 
value of such disrupted Component would be determined on a date which is a Component 
Disrupted Day for such Component (for the avoidance of doubt, without regard to any 
valuation roll). 
For the purposes hereof: 
Component Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on which the price, level or value of such Component and/or 
any sub-component of such Component and/or any related futures contracts, options contracts 
or securities (each a Relevant Component) is not published (or publication is delayed) and/or 
cannot be determined and/or is otherwise disrupted (including, without limitation, by way of a 
suspension, limitation and/or disruption of trading in the Relevant Component and/or the failure 
to open or the early closure of any relevant exchange), however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Component Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on or in respect of which the price, level or value 
of such Component is scheduled to be determined, however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Component Valuation Roll means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no number is so specified, eight.

--- Page 485 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
453 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Dividend Futures Contract". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
1. 
Definitions 
Dividend Futures Contract means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the 
corporation or other entity which (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and methods of calculations and adjustments, if any, related to such Dividend 
Futures Contract; and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the price of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on a regular basis.  
Exchange means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the exchange or principal trading 
facility specified for such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
successor to such exchange or principal trading facility.  
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, where the 
Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" of such 
Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms, the expiry date of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on which the "final settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract is 
expected to be announced by the Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor and published on the 
Exchange) or, if such "final settlement price" is not so announced and published but, on or prior 
to such originally designated expiry date, the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor has 
announced arrangements for the publication of such "final settlement price" on another date, 
such other date. 
Relevant Price means in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, the 
"daily settlement price" or the "final settlement price", in each case, however defined in the 
contract specifications of such Dividend Futures Contract or the relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation 
Date, the Relevant Price for the relevant Valuation Date as displayed on the relevant Electronic 
Page or, if such Relevant Price is not displayed on the relevant Electronic Page on the relevant 
Valuation Date, the Relevant Price of such Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
as published by the relevant Exchange. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Dividend Futures 
Contract, the time at which the relevant price referred to for the purpose of such Underlying 
Closing Level of such Dividend Futures Contract for such day is calculated and published by 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor. 
Underlying Level shall not apply to a Dividend Futures Contract.

--- Page 486 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
454 
 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Dividend Futures Contract on which: 
(i) 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor fails to announce the Relevant Price; 
(ii) 
the relevant Electronic Page and the relevant Exchange each fail to publish the Relevant 
Price of the Dividend Futures Contract (or other data from which such Relevant Price is 
calculated); 
(iii) 
the relevant Electronic Page is temporarily or permanently discontinued or unavailable; 
(iv) 
the relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(v) 
there is a suspension of or limitation on trading in such Dividend Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange (which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material). 
The definition of Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to Disrupted Days in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule will not apply in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: such Dividend Futures Contract is either (a) not 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor 
but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to such relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) replaced, as relevant, by a 
successor dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of such Dividend Futures Contract (such dividend futures contract, the Successor Dividend 
Futures Contract, which will be deemed to be such Dividend Futures Contract). 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no 
calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under Dividend Futures Contract 
Condition 6(b) (Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and Dividend Futures 
Contract Substitution 
(A) 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment 
Event) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Dividend 
Futures Contract, (i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating any price of such

--- Page 487 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
455 
 
Dividend Futures Contract or in any other way materially modifies such Dividend 
Futures Contract, including any material change in the content, composition or 
constitution of such Dividend Futures Contract (a Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, at any time permanently cancels 
or discontinues such Dividend Futures Contract or there is otherwise a permanent 
discontinuation in trading or trading never commences in such Dividend Futures 
Contract and, in each such case, no Successor Dividend Futures Contract exists (a 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation); or (iii) on any Valuation Date for which the 
Relevant Price is specified to be the "final settlement price" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, such Relevant Price is not displayed or published on the relevant Electronic Page 
or by the Exchange, as the case may be, at the relevant Valuation Time (a Dividend 
Futures Contract Disruption, and together with a Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification and a Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation, a Dividend Futures 
Contract Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, 
if so, shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant price of such Dividend Futures Contract at or for the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of the published 
Relevant Price for such Dividend Futures Contract, a price for such Dividend 
Futures Contract at or for the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by calculating the value of the relevant 
dividends for the applicable contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract 
by reference to the formula for and the method of calculation last in effect of any 
related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate; 
(ii) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect 
of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event and determine the effective 
date of each such adjustment; and/or 
(iii) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract as provided in Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(B) (Dividend Futures Contract Substitution) and make 
such adjustments (if any) to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to 
as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
If no calculation, adjustment and/or substitution can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early 
Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution 
If Dividend Futures Contract Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(A)(iii) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event) shall be, 
and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event 
may include, a Dividend Futures Contract Substitution. 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution means, in relation to a Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Dividend Futures Contract 
the subject of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the 
case may be, with a new dividend futures contract selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
shall be a replacement dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract or a replacement dividend futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Such new dividend futures contract shall be deemed to be a Dividend Futures 
Contract in place of the Dividend Futures Contract the subject of the Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be.

--- Page 488 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
456 
 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a Disrupted 
Day or on the Cut-off Valuation Date 
(A) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is not specified to be the "final settlement 
price" in the applicable Issue Terms, Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying 
Closing Levels)) applies. 
(B) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on the 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, in accordance with the provisions of the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Valuation Date 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Dividend Futures Contract prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the Cut-off Valuation Date), such Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable contract period for 
such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it 
deems appropriate.

--- Page 489 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
457 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Rates. 
1. 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to Valuation). 
Rate means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Rate Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such Rate 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the interest rate 
(expressed as a percentage) specified to be such Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) on such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as of the 
Valuation Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation Time 
which may not be the "closing time" and a Rate may only be determined once on any Scheduled 
Trading Day.   
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an Underlying that is a Rate. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on which 
the Electronic Page is not available or the percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled 
Trading Day does not appear on the Electronic Page and/or the Rate is not provided or published 
by the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor and/or a component of the 
relevant Rate is not provided or published. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.  
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.

--- Page 490 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
458 
 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless "Correction Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate then, if neither 
"Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" nor "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is 
specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
applies in respect of that Rate; or: 
(i) 
if "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding 
such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Rate Condition 6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day would fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled 
Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date, unless, in either such 
case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall 
apply. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" or "Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then the 
adjustment provisions relating to Preceding Scheduled Trading Day or, as the case may be, 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day prevail and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall be construed so as not 
to apply to such Rate and consequently all reference to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any 
of the Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall be construed not to include any such Rate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) do not apply in respect of a Rate.  
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) or, as the case may be, Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a 
Disrupted Day for a Rate, then subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 
(Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Relevant Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate for 
the Valuation Date at such time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level 
for such Valuation Date by reference to one of the following: 
(1) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised distributor of 
the relevant Rate;

--- Page 491 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
459 
 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the relevant Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(3) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(4) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Relevant 
Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Relevant Agent. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and reference to "for all of the 
Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any 
Underlying that is a Rate. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day 
falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Cut-off Valuation Date), 
such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that 
such date either (A) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day for 
such Rate) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e)(ii) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
in respect thereof.

--- Page 492 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
460 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Preference Share". Securities linked to Preference Shares shall only be issued by CGMFL or CGMHI. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Early Redemption Notice means a notice from the Preference Share Company that the 
Preference Shares are to be redeemed early. 
Preference Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Preference Share Company means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Preference Share Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Preference Share, any Business Day. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Preference Share and a Valuation Date, the 
fair market value of such Preference Share displayed on the relevant Electronic Page at the 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent using its 
internal models and methodologies and taking into account such factor(s) as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate, including, but not limited to: (i) the time remaining to maturity 
of such Preference Share, (ii) prevailing interest rates (including inter-bank rates and the rates 
at which the Issuer or its Affiliates would be able to borrow cash), (iii) the value of the 
Preference Share Underlying (s) and/or any future performance or expected volatility of such 
Preference Share Underlying(s) and (iv) any other information which the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant.  The Underlying Closing Level is scheduled to be published by the 
Preference Share Company on each Business Day on the Electronic Page specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or such other widely available replacement price source as is notified to 
the holder of the Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Preference Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is so specified, 5:00 p.m. (London time). 
Underlying Level shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share and the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions) shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Preference Share and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) shall not apply. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, the following Additional Early Redemption 
Events shall apply in respect of a Preference Share: 
(a) 
Corporate Action  
Corporate Action means any event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Preference Shares.

--- Page 493 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
461 
 
(b) 
Insolvency  
Insolvency means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, that either (i) by reason of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or 
any analogous proceeding affecting the Preference Share Company, (A) all the Preference 
Shares of the Preference Share Company are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; 
or (B) holders of Preference Shares of the Preference Share Company become legally prohibited 
from transferring such Preference Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the 
Preference Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Preference Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Preference Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares outstanding to another 
entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Company is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference 
Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares of the Preference Share Company, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares (other than those 
Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Preference Share

--- Page 494 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
462 
 
Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or 
change of all such Preference Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Preference Shares (other than those Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the last occurring Valuation Date in respect of 
the Securities. For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, that all the Preference 
Shares or all the assets or substantially all the assets of the Preference Share Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, a takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in 
such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by 
conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Preference Share Company, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(f) 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event means the event that occurs if the Issuer has 
received an Early Redemption Notice. 
(g) 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging shall be Additional Early 
Redemption Events and not Adjustment Events.  
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share. 
(b) 
Issue Date 
The Issue Date of any Preference Share Linked Securities shall be either (i) the date specified, 
or (ii) the number of Business Days following the Initial Preference Share Reference Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(b) (Issue Date): 
Initial Preference Share Reference Date shall be the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT, if any date used for the valuation or any determination of any 
Preference Share Underlying (or any part thereof) falling on or about any such date is delayed 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Share by reason of a non-
scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event (howsoever 
described in the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares), the Initial Preference Share 
Reference Date shall be the last delayed date on which any such valuation or determination is 
made, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 495 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
463 
 
(c) 
Issuer Call, Investor Put and Optional Redemption Amounts  
Securities that are to be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer pursuant to General Condition 
6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) may be redeemed in whole but not in part.  For the 
purposes of such redemption, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined as provided 
below. 
General Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of holders of Securities) shall not apply in 
respect Preference Share Linked Securities. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(c) (Issuer Call, Investor Put and Optional 
Redemption Amounts): 
Optional Redemption Amount means an amount per Security (in the case of a Note, 
representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) determined on the same basis 
as the Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount (as defined in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule) except that, for the purposes of this definition, "Final Reference Level" 
means the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Optional 
Redemption Valuation Date.  
Optional Redemption Valuation Date means the date or, if such day is on which the Securities 
are to be redeemed early or such earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent solely for the 
purposes of allowing the calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of the Preference Share 
prior to the redemption of the Securities and such date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date 
for the purpose of the Conditions. 
(d) 
Early Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an 
Early Redemption Event and the Early Redemption Amount 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Securities are to be redeemed (i) for tax 
reasons or for illegality in accordance with General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons and Redemption for Illegality), (ii) following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory 
Event in accordance with General Condition 6(c) (Early Redemption following the occurrence 
of an Obligor Regulatory Event) above, (iii) following the occurrence of an Event of Default in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (iv) following the occurrence of 
any Early Redemption Event in respect of a Preference Share in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), then the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be determined as provided below. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(d) (Early Redemption for tax reasons or 
illegality, following an Event of Default or following an Early Redemption Event and the Early 
Redemption Amount): 
Early Redemption Amount means an amount per Security (in the case of a Note, representing 
a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) determined on the same basis as the 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount (as defined in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule) except that, for the purposes of this definition, "Final Reference Level" means the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means the date on which the Securities are to be redeemed 
early or such earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent solely for the purposes of 
allowing the calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of the Preference Share prior to the 
redemption of the Securities. Such date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of the Conditions. 
(e) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, such Realisation Disruption Event shall be deemed to be 
an Early Redemption Event and the Issuer may redeem the Securities pursuant to Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events) and Preference Share Condition 6(d)

--- Page 496 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
464 
 
(Early Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an 
Early Redemption Event and the Early Redemption Amount) and the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption) shall not apply to the Securities. 
(f) 
Redenomination 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) shall not apply in respect of Preference Share Linked 
Securities. 
(g) 
Taxation 
General Condition 9 (Taxation) shall not apply in respect of Preference Share Linked Securities 
insofar as it would require the Issuer or (if applicable) Guarantor to pay additional interest as 
described therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Preference Share Condition 6(g) is without prejudice to the 
ability of the Issuer to redeem any such Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with 
General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality) and 
the reference therein to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor being 
obligated to pay additional interest shall be construed as a reference to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor being obligated to pay additional interest in the absence of 
this Preference Share Condition 6(g).

--- Page 497 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
465 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (including the worked 
examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A) shall 
not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide 
practical examples to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any 
decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful consideration of the Base 
Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly, the terms and conditions 
of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit Linked Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. This section should be treated as an introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which are linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on 
the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entity(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a 
buyer of credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference 
obligation of the Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy. Borrowed 
money obligations would include any incurred loan obligations of the Reference Entity, obligations under 
any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference 
Entity related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, failure to perform with respect to certain 
specified reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result 
of a deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are 
debt transfers or where another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or 
loans of the Reference Entity. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity.

--- Page 498 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
466 
 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event 
will occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities 
are concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit 
Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit 
of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor 
will not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not 
have any interest in, or rights under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit 
Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk 
exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which 
the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or 
Guarantor, as applicable. Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may 
still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's, as applicable, creditworthiness declines.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking 
equity risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For 
example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or 
specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations, and a 
Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations 
before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of 
borrowed money obligations or specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of 
borrowed money obligations; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not 
guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the 
value of these borrowed money obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa.

--- Page 499 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
467 
 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) is a trade organisation of participants 
in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is responsible for 
creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives 
transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by ISDA are 
available on ISDA's website: https://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of charge 
while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from more than 70 countries. 
These members include a broad range of over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being 
indicative of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also 
includes bankruptcy in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference 
Entity itself and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including 
certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations) which, in relation 
to the Credit Linked Notes, include loans, debt securities or other borrowed money obligations of the 
Reference Entity or specified reference obligations (Obligations).  
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations 
(after the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to an amount 
greater than a pre-determined minimum amount; and where the "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is applicable, the failure to pay results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key terms 
of that Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest thereunder, 
postponement in the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of the 
instrument causing subordination or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies in 
a form that binds all holders of the obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in the 
terms of the instrument where the event results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of 
such minimum amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently 
occurs within a specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or postponement of 
payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing 
subordination, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result

--- Page 500 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
468 
 
of an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is 
binding regardless of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
instrument. This event is applicable only where "Financial Reference Entity" terms are stated to 
be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation 
to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will 
be determined by reference to market standards that will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Typically, certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit 
protection purchased will be subject to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes – for example, the applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference 
to a physical settlement matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix 
which is effective as at the Trade Date, Issue Date or Effective Date, as applicable, is referred to as the 
Physical Settlement Matrix). The Physical Settlement Matrix recognises a variety of standard terms 
based on the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location ((EMEA 
(Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North America etc.). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge on ISDA's website 
at www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular series 
of Credit Linked Notes depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Further, the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit 
Linked Notes may refer to different versions of the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks 
arising from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further "What is a Credit Event?" above), 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Additional Risk Events include, amongst other things, events that make it impossible, illegal 
or impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or materially delay the ability of, any entity holding a loan or 
obligation to convert or repatriate currency or purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the 
owner of any such loan or obligation or affect the performance of custodial and settlement activities.  
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk 
Events which may apply in relation to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity 
of each Reference Entity and the jurisdiction of such Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit Event Backstop 
Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(i) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further "What is the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)?" below) receives a request to 
resolve whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity (such 
date of request, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date), 60 calendar days prior to 
the date of such request; or  
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any 
Reference Entity or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, 
and supporting information (if applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to the Fiscal Agent 
and Securityholders to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations

--- Page 501 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
469 
 
Committee is not going to consider the same, 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) 
the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice (where it occurs during the notice 
delivery period) and (b) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (where the effective 
delivery date of such Credit Event Notice occurs during the post dismissal additional 
period), subject to extension in certain circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the "Risk Event Determination Period", being a period 
commencing on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant? 
(i) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of 
the Credit Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to 
Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any 
event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight.  
(ii) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as 
the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make 
a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo 
time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA 
prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference 
Entity, 
details 
of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
ISDA 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the "Notice 
Delivery Period", being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and 
expiring 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or 14 calendar days following any DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal. In certain circumstances, a Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with 
respect to the Reference Entity 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement. Similarly, a 
Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the Risk Event Determination 
Period (see "When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes?" above). 
However, in certain circumstances, the Notice Delivery Period or the Risk Event Determination Period, 
as applicable, may be extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date if a potential Credit Event, such as 
a Failure to Pay or Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the Credit Linked Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within a specified period following 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. In such case, the Notice Delivery Period will be extended to (and including) 
the date falling 14 calendar days following such Extension Date and the Risk Event Determination Period 
may also be extended in certain cases. Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled 
Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 502 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
470 
 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice 
describing the occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered 
(together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the date on which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of publicly available information with respect to such question, provided that certain 
conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination 
Date could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective 
and on which a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Securityholder 
in relation to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see "When can a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event be triggered?" above).  
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
that is an M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger 
an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if 
(i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement; (ii) it has some information to support its determination that a 
Credit Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event described in the Credit Event Notice.   
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Prospective Securityholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the 
power to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant 
auction buckets which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;  
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-
financial instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will 
be cash settled;

--- Page 503 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
471 
 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any "Successors" (for 
details, see "Successors" below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Securityholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable 
to the Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such 
payments may be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC 
Secretary on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of 
each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to 
time by the DC Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of up to ten voting dealer members, five 
voting buyside (non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more 
credit derivatives central clearing counterparties (CCP) as observer members. Dealer institutions are 
selected for membership in accordance with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain 
trading volume data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated 
subsidiary of ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible 
for various administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market 
participants to the relevant DC members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC votes. 
The DC secretary does not vote on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Final Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes.  
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Depending on the type of credit linkage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes will be either Credit Linked Principal Notes (i.e. the occurrence of a Credit 
Event will impact the payment of principal and any interest under such Securities) or Credit 
Linked Interest Notes (i.e. the payment of Contingent Interest under such Securities will be 
contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the Reference Entity and accordingly, 
the occurrence of a Credit Event will impact the accrual of Contingent Interest whereas the 
payment of any Non-Contingent Interest and principal will remain unaffected). 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant 
Event Determination Date occurs, then each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed 
in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) 
by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption 
applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.

--- Page 504 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
472 
 
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, unless redeemed early in full, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
and a relevant Event Determination Date will not result in any early redemption of the Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and each outstanding Single Name Credit Linked Note will instead 
be expected to redeem at maturity (see "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no 
Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below). The Contingent Interest payable under such 
Securities will cease to accrue (in full or in part), for which see "Interest Specific Provisions" 
below. 
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of a basket with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of only the "nth" Reference Entity specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. For example, if "n" is five, then redemption will only arise after a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to five of the Reference Entities in the basket, and then only 
with respect to that fifth Reference Entity. As such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect 
of Reference Entities other than the nth Reference Entity, redemption of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will 
be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are 
identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where 
Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any 
applicable cash amounts  on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of the nth 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a 
basket of Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue Terms and are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical 
Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash 
amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. Redemption will be effected in 
accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Index 
may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the 
weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 505 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
473 
 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R 
Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms, although 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and 
redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that Index. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference Entities 
fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
although such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses 
and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the 
credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses 
suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event

--- Page 506 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
474 
 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where such Reference Entity is a 
sovereign of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to exposure to the credit risk 
of the Reference Entity, an investment in Local Access Credit Linked Notes involves additional 
risks associated with such local access jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, 
governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs then each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or where multiple 
successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions.  
PAYOUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for payouts that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below);  
(b) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, "What 
is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event"?" below);  
(c) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, 
"What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"?" below); or 
(d) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering 
early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?" 
below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event 
occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has 
occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, 
repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed 
early?" below). 
(B) 
What is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk 
Event"? 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result and redemption follows such Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What will Securityholders receive if 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" 
applies?" below). This will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only.

--- Page 507 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
475 
 
(C) 
What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"? 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case 
of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption (and 
accordingly, payment of the relevant redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?" 
below). This will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
(D) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes; (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful for 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with 
material provisions of agreements entered into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes; (iii) an Early Redemption Event occurs (see further "When will an Early 
Redemption Event occur?" below); (iv) certain Events of Default occur; (v) the Issuer 
elects to exercise its call option in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if "Issuer Call" is 
applicable); 
(vi) 
in 
certain 
cases 
and 
if 
applicable, 
following 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; (vii) a Realisation Disruption Event occurs; (viii) an 
Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs; (ix) a Merger Event occurs; or (x) if the 
Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its scheduled maturity date (see further 
"What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early 
(other than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)?" below). 
When will an Early Redemption Event occur? 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have 
occurred, (b) in respect of certain Securities, circumstances in which the Calculation Agent determines 
that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment Event, (c) in respect of certain 
Securities, no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to the relevant index, (d) a Section 871(m) Event, or (e) a Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)). 
Can Securityholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Securityholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Securityholders expected to receive pursuant to the different payouts contemplated under 
the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, the 
amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to par.  
(B) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit 
Payment following Risk Event" applies? 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount?" below), with no further 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What interest payments

--- Page 508 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
476 
 
will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event?" below). 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies? 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in 
respect of, such portion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable. This will not affect any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) will 
accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified in the Issue Terms (see further "What 
interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event?" below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in an amount equal 
to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount?" below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value 
of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero.  
(D) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other 
than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk 
Event, Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Credit Linked Notes. The Early Redemption Amount is an 
amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement Currency which 
is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes or the principal amount of such notes 
(together with any unpaid interest). The Optional Redemption Amount is an amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on 
the Early Redemption Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger 
Redemption Amount may be equal to either (x) the Early Redemption Amount or (y) an amount 
equal to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes less any 
unwind costs, and will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by 
payment of the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement 
Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes less any unwind costs. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit 
Linked Note that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining 
the amounts payable or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, and/or for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. 
The calculation of the Applicable Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type 
of Credit Event (including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring or not) or Risk Event, 
as applicable, and whether the Successor provisions are relevant (see further "Successors" below): 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note or Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and:

--- Page 509 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
477 
 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or multiple 
successors have not been identified); 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal Amount 
or the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where the Credit Event is not 
an M(M)R Restructuring and where the succession provisions are applicable). 
(B) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to multiple 
successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount or Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is 
not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(D) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and:  
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); 
or 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession 
provisions). 
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method 
elected for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), provided that the Fallback Redemption 
Method, also specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event 
Redemption Method cannot be applied.

--- Page 510 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
478 
 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
may be selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash 
Redemption or Physical Redemption. Although a Credit Event Redemption Method may be 
specified for Credit Linked Interest Notes, such Securities will not be early redeemed following 
a Credit Event. No fallback redemption method will be applicable to Credit Linked Interest 
Notes. 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical 
Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
LA Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be 
selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such 
product. Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Securityholders on an 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment: 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction 
Redemption Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount 
(where Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" is applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain 
deliverables determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or 
eligible obligations (Valuation Obligations) of the Reference Entity on a specified date (being 
the final price determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to 
such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to Cash 
Redemption, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will be determined on the basis 
of bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers. 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is 
applicable, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.

--- Page 511 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
479 
 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in 
turn, in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is 
based on the recovery price of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an 
Auction or, where Cash Redemption applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation 
Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes will be 
the LA Cash Redemption Amount (where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is applicable, the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified 
eligible assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the eligible assets shall be one or more assets that are either assets issued by the Reference Entity 
(and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would 
constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with 
elections made in the applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be 
determined on the basis of the highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from 
third party dealers or if no such bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction 
settlement terms published by the DC Secretary (an Auction). The Auction will involve a bidding process 
by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under the 
relevant auction settlement terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the Deliverable 
Obligations) of the relevant Reference Entity. Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the 
Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" which are on the Final List as published by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids 
and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within 
the specified tranche), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, in each case, requires the Recovery 
Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the Recovery Amount will be equal 
to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity

--- Page 512 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
480 
 
(and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the recovery price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. 
The lower the auction price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered 
by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the 
Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner which may even be zero.  
(1) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that 
are Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
product of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and 
(2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations 
sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable Obligations, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(2) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, is an amount representing each Note's pro rata share of an 
amount equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Notes), 
minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, the 
Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, the Recovery 
Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise 
Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the 
Deliverable Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash 
Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be determined on the basis of the 
highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for certain 
specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference Entity which may be assets issued by the 
Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being the LA Settlement Assets). 
However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the LA Recovery 
Amount acting in its sole discretion.

--- Page 513 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
481 
 
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the LA 
Recovery Amount, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the 
Issuer will be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, for valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, 
the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of 
credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
What will the Securityholder receive if Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If Physical Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
also Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the 
Securityholders that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of obligations of the 
Reference Entity which falls within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation 
Category) and have the specified characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) 
which will be set out in the Issue Terms and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a 
Due and Payable Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
following the occurrence of the Credit Event, minus any delivery expenses that may be incurred 
by the Issuer in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount.  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, the assets to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer or physical delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer 
of the relevant Deliverable Obligation haven't been obtained.  
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical 
Redemption Assets may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to 
pay a cash amount to the Securityholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Physical 
Redemption applies, the Issuer will physically deliver such assets to the Securityholders (being 
the LA Settlement Assets) that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the assets or obligations of the Reference Entity or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent which constitute Deliverable Obligations, less (2) any unwind costs. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, physical delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of 
the Issuer or within the control of the Securityholders. 
What will a Securityholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as applicable (and in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), then following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event Determination Date, the 
amount payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date shall be calculated as set 
out in "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash 
Redemption applies?" above, provided that instead of the Final Price, the "Fixed Recovery Percentage" 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage may be specified as 
zero, in which case Securityholders will lose all of their investment upon the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or Risk Event, as applicable.

--- Page 514 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
482 
 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the 
risk occurring with respect to receiving the "cheapest to deliver" assets by imposing complex restrictions 
on deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must 
additionally have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice 
of Physical Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a "Movement 
Option" to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes (and in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), and it constitutes an M(M)R 
Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of such Restructuring Credit Event.  This Credit Event requires a Credit Event Notice to be delivered in 
order to be triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered bilaterally). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit 
Event occurred (such partial amount, the Exercise Amount). The Credit Event Redemption Amount 
payable to Securityholders will reflect such partial exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations of interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be 
determined only in respect of the outstanding nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such 
reduction. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a determination of multiple successors (and 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be 
calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts. For details on successors, see "Successors" below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit 
Linked Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or 
more Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if "Grace Period 
Extension" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if "Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, (ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within 
an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date occurring, (iii) a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring, (iv) the final Credit Event Redemption Date or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including 
any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date), (v) a Payment 
Failure Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event has occurred, or (vi) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 515 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
483 
 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur 
of (a) the fifth Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption 
Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, 
any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date 
(if applicable); or (d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event 
Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any 
unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date) and (b) the 
fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable). 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
actually occurs on or prior to the LA Cut Off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the 
latest to occur of (a) the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as 
applicable; (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and 
(c) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable. 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on 
which interest (in full or in part) ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes (for further information see "What is the Applicable Proportion?" above) shall depend on 
whether "No Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding the Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, from (and including) the Issue 
Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the first Business Day immediately following the Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked 
Note), interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will 
accrue on the Applicable Proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding 
such Event Determination Date or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to 
(and including) such Event Determination Date; and (ii) in respect of each Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount shall be payable if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date 
occurred during the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Risk 
Event Determination Date, or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and 
including) such Risk Event Determination Date. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), any accrued, but unpaid, 
interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies) or in 
respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only and

--- Page 516 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
484 
 
where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) on such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies), (iii) if the Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in full, on the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following the first Delivery Date (if "Physical 
Redemption" applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, such payment of 
suspended interest shall be made if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to a 
prescribed date. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes, any accrued, but unpaid, Contingent Interest 
shall be paid on (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) such date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and (iii) if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate 
where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies. 
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and 
no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest 
Notes only, any Contingent Interest) will be suspended to the maximum possible amount (assuming an 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, as though full exercise of an 
M(M)R Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery Redemption with Fixed 
Recovery Percentage at 0% has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA 
Interest Amount relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer's obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are 
made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No 
Credit Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to 
Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question. In such case, the Securityholders will be 
paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following the date of such announcement or 
determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Will Securityholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer's obligation to make 
interest payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Securityholders by the Issuer in connection with 
the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension 
of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential 
Risk Event) was greater or lesser than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer 
will be required to calculate the adjustment interest amount due to or from the Securityholders and such 
adjustment amount will be paid to, or held back from future interest payments owed to, the 
Securityholders and where there has been a shortfall as at the relevant maturity or early redemption date, 
such interest shortfall proceeds shall be deducted from the final redemption amounts or the amount of 
Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then:

--- Page 517 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
485 
 
(i) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated 
obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such 
Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating 
to Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further 
subordinated obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in 
respect of such Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the 
debt transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated 
Obligations, the debt transfer shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer 
shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
provided that "Governmental Intervention" is also specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to 
fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic; 
(v) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental 
Intervention will not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or 
otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event; or  
(vi) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms or (b) a Restructuring in respect of the 
Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and 
such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs, Asset Package Delivery is applicable and any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Restructuring 
Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect 
to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an "Asset Package Credit Event".  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been 
specified not to apply in the applicable Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the 
Auction Final Price or recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the "Asset 
Package"), will be the "Asset Package" comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant 
Holder by reference to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of 
the Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event 
which would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a 
Restructuring Credit Event, the Reference Obligation (i.e. a "Prior Deliverable 
Obligation"); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as 
such by ISDA and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party

--- Page 518 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
486 
 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and which immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a 
"Package Observable Bond"). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement".  
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist 
valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations?  
Where the Issue Terms specify "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on 8 December 2017)" as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed (Senior Non-Preferred Obligation), and 
which ranks above "Traditional Subordinated Obligations" or which would so rank if Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations existed. In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the 2014 CoCo Supplement to be applicable, if with respect to one or 
more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the 
operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount 
of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, 
such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital 
ratio is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger 
percentage is specified. 
What are the Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities" are 
applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee 
insurance policy or similar financial guarantees pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably 
guarantees or insures certain borrowed money instruments of another party. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Hellenic Republic, Republic of Ecuador 
or Republic of Ukraine? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 5 March 2018), "Additional 
Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" 
(published by ISDA on 29 May 2012) or "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 11 April 2016) are

--- Page 519 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
487 
 
applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations (as the case may be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations, which:  
(i) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(iii) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation 
for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms where there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and  a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, 
the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation with 
the relevant Seniority Level with be the Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the 
Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The SRO list for selected standard reference obligations selected by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor 
webpage. Standard reference obligation could also be disapplied in the Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a  Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor", on or after 1 January 2014). 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the 
single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the 
Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption. 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, then such entity(ies) may be identified as a "Successor" to the 
original Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following 
a succession event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in 
the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index 
Sponsor may also following a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the 
original Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying 
guarantee succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies

--- Page 520 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
488 
 
certain specified thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of 
the obligations and at least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at 
the time of determination certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession.   
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is 
not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a 
"Successor", the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk 
associated with a Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk 
associated with the original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time 
from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(i) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall 
prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a 
succession has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on 
the ISDA website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in "What is a "Successor" to the 
Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?" above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (ii) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information; and (iii) is required to act in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor.

--- Page 521 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
489 
 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a 
Successor. In such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis 
of such apportioned amounts.  
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and 
multiple Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with 
respect to each Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
nth Reference Entity (where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur 
only in relation to the nth Reference Entity). 
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index 
that is either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The iTraxx indices cover the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African 
markets and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the 
market. For instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-
indices such as Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials 
index. The iTraxx® Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-
Pacific iTraxx® indices cover the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia 
index  and the iTraxx® Japan index.  In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-
sovereign entities from Central & Eastern European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a 
selection methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. They cover sub-indices including 
CDX® North American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, 
CDX® North American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging 
Markets, CDX® Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and 
municipal Reference Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index.   
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the 
Index Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html. 
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Securityholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index (index CDS) may be found 
on Markit's website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit's website includes the standard 
terms supplement for the applicable index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of Reference 
Entities for the applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many of the most 
widely traded credit default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes based on an index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the relevant 
terms for that index CDS published by Markit, the list of the relevant index CDS (with the relevant annex 
date) to be incorporated as published by Markit and the effective date of that index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in 
connection with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property 
of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit 
Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under 
the Index Sponsor's rules governing the index CDS (the Index Sponsor, together with such participants, 
the Index Parties). The Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
and hereby expressly disclaim all warranties (including, without limitation, those of merchantability or 
fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Index or any data included therein or relating 
thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of 
the Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the index CDS, the

--- Page 522 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
490 
 
composition of the index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise, and/or the 
creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to, any entity in the 
index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.   
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the index CDS, and the 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the purchase of any Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to take the needs of any Investor into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the index CDS. The Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information concerning the Index from 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the index CDS. 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Securityholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations 
with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event;  
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the 
Final Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date 
occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination 
Date occurred or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, any additional amount payable to the Securityholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Securityholders and the date on which such adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred. 
Securityholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 523 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
491 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes) and are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not an 
indication of the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review and obtain such professional advice 
as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
All amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
(i) 
SINGLE NAME CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND NTH-TO-DEFAULT BASKET 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 40,000,000; 
and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives less than par, 
as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original investment to zero, nothing 
remains outstanding.  
(b) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 524 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
492 
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R1 with a partial exercise of 
5,000,000; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount 
(5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000; and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000)) = 35,000,000 is paid on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(3,250,000)) is paid. 38,250,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000) has occurred; 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(e) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. 
R1A and R1B); 
(f) 
a (second) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R1A;

--- Page 525 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
493 
 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 90%; and 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Note equally between the Successors, giving each a partial nominal 
amount of 17,500,000 (Original investment of 40,000,000 is reduced to 35,000,000 following 
the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R1, leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount 
of 35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount 
(17,500,000)/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000; and  
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (17,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) would be 15,750,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
15,750,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) = 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion in respect 
of Reference Entity R1B) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for (M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts 
(3,250,000 (M(M)R Restructuring) + 15,750,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 36,500,000 will be 
Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising three Reference Entities, R1 and R2 (where 'n' = 3); 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of R1;  
(d) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(e) 
a (second) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R3; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:

--- Page 526 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
494 
 
(a) 
the first Credit Event in respect of R1 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth Reference Entity); 
(b) 
the second Credit Event in respect of R3 will be relevant (since it is the nth Reference Entity); 
(c) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 
40,000,000; and  
(d) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(b) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
LINEAR BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND INDEX UNTRANCHED CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
since the four Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 25% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount = 10,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (10,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 10,000,000; and  
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 6,500,000.

--- Page 527 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
495 
 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
6,500,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000)) = 30,000,000 is paid 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(6,500,000)) is paid. 36,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000) has occurred; 
(f) 
a (second) M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R2 with a partial 
exercise of 5,000,000; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount 
(5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000; and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) = 25,000,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) +

--- Page 528 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
496 
 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 
(for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) is paid. 34,750,000 will be the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000) has occurred; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(f) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. 
R2A and R2B); 
(g) 
a (third) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R2A; 
(h) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 90%; and 
(i) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount equally between the Successors, giving each a 
partial nominal amount of 2,500,000 (Original Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
10,000,000 is reduced to 5,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R2, 
leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount of 5,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each 
successor);  
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount 
(2,500,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 2,500,000; and 
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) would be 2,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
2,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) = 22,500,000 (being the 
total Reference Entity Notional Amounts of unaffected Reference Entities R3 and R4 and the 
unexercised portion of R2) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) + Sum of all Auction

--- Page 529 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
497 
 
Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 
2,250,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 34,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
INDEX TRANCHED CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND PORTFOLIO TRANCHED 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect 
of Rx; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and  
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. Original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (5%)) = 
200,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000)/ Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 2,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x Attachment Point (0%)) 
= 0; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - Detachment Point 
(5%)) = 190,000,000; 
(e) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 700,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 700,000 and after 
deducting the Loss Threshold amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 700,000.   
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 700,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 700,000. 
(f) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject

--- Page 530 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
498 
 
to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 1,300,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 1,300,000. If we 
deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at zero 
given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (700,000) = 700,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount will be zero (since there is no incurred recovery) and 
accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000)) = 9,300,000 is 
paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000) + Sum of all Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) is paid. 9,300,000 will be the Index Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial writedown of 700,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially written down); 
(f) 
five Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in 
respect of Rx; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 0%; and

--- Page 531 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
499 
 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x (100% - Auction Final Price (0%)) = 10,000,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 700,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold amount of 0 would be 10,700,000.   
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 9,300,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 9,300,000. 
(b) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x Auction Final Price (0%)) = 0. 
- 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 1,300,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) would be 0. If we deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 
190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a negative number and the 
calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (9,300,000) = 9,300,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 9,300,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount will be zero (since there is no incurred recovery) and 
accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + Sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0) = 0 on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.

--- Page 532 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
500 
 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + Sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0) = 0, i.e. the notional is completely 
wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 
80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect 
of Rx; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and  
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. Original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (20%)) = 
50,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 500,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Attachment Point (80%)) 
= 40,000,000; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Detachment Point (100%)) = 0; 
(e) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 175,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 175,000. If we deducted 
the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a 
negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
given the Original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 0.

--- Page 533 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
501 
 
(f) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount 
(subject to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying 
any current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 325,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 325,000 and after 
deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 
325,000. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 325,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 325,000. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(325,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (0) = 325,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
325,000 (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount = Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount) is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000)) = 9,675,000 is 
paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000) + Sum of all 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000)) is paid. 10,000,000 will be the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 
80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial writedown of 325,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially written down); 
(f) 
90 Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in 
respect of Rx;

--- Page 534 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
502 
 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 10%; and  
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x (100% - Auction Final Price (10%)) = 40,500,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 175,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000 would be 675,000.   
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 675,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 675,000. 
(b) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount 
(subject to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying 
any current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x Auction Final Price (10%)) = 4,500,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 325,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Recovery Threshold amount of 0 would be 
4,825,000. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 4,500,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 4,500,000. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
4,500,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (675,000) = 5,175,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 5,175,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
4,500,000 (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount = Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount) is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000)) = 
4,500,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.

--- Page 535 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
503 
 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000) + Sum 
of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000 + 4,500,000) is paid. 9,325,000 will 
be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the examples above assume that no Credit 
Events have occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant Index at the Trade 
Date (or prior to the Issue Date). If such Credit Events have occurred, the incurred loss amounts and 
incurred recovery amounts in respect of such Reference Entities (i.e. the Settled Entities) would need 
to be factored in while calculating the aggregate losses and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be reduced by the settled entity incurred loss and settled 
entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date.

--- Page 536 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
504 
 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Securities set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The following are the conditions (the Credit Linked Conditions) that will apply to the Notes if the 
applicable Issue Terms provides that "Credit Linked Notes" is applicable (the Credit Linked Notes). 
These Credit Linked Conditions apply as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any 
inconsistency between these Credit Linked Conditions and the General Conditions, these Credit Linked 
Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and 
italicised shall not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Credit Linked Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will 
have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these Credit Linked 
Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one Series 
only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In respect of Credit Linked 
Notes which specify more than one Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, all references in these 
Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Entity" shall be construed to refer to "a Reference Entity" or 
the "relevant Reference Entity" in respect of which the relevant determination is made at any relevant 
time and all related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall 
be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are also Credit 
Linked Principal Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in 
part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 537 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
505 
 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will write 
down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and  
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), 21 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 22 (Successor Provisions) or in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), as 
applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
15 (Auction Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 (Physical Redemption 
Terms) or 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged in full.  
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Securityholders may 
receive less than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be 
zero). Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant 
Risk Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption 
for Illegality), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), 
General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or General Condition 11 
(Events of Default);  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 19 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
General Condition or Credit Linked Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the

--- Page 538 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
506 
 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to Securityholders will be 
determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
only. 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and provided that 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, interest 
(if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with General Condition 5 (Interest) (as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to 
Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms shall be payable in 
the Settlement Currency on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes).  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a 
corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, the payment of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest), if any in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit 
Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked Note) or the payment of the LA Interest 
Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) or 9 (Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes), as applicable, will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. 
In such case,

--- Page 539 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
507 
 
(x)  
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit 
Linked Note), interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the Applicable Proportion of such Credit 
Linked Note: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or, (where there is no Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y)  
in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest 
Amount corresponding to the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be payable if, 
and only if, an Interest Payment Date occurs during the period: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or, (where there is no Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit 
Event or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment 
of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) and 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or 
prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been 
published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether 
it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders, 
the payment of any interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest Amount, as applicable, 
will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date on or immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, or, where 
there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date, notwithstanding 
that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, has not then occurred provided that, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, if the Calculation Agent determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the 
relevant Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected 
by the potential Risk Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest 
Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on 
their Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest 
following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk 
Event).

--- Page 540 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
508 
 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R 
Restructuring and (z) irrespective of the Credit Event Redemption Method or Risk Event 
Redemption Method, as applicable, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Fixed Recovery 
Percentage of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), as applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of any 
interest or Contingent Interest, as applicable, on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note (which is unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable) and any Non-Contingent Interest, in each case if applicable, will be payable to 
Securityholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination 
by the Calculation Agent  
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
A. 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
B.  
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC Secretary 
announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be 
convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question;   
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or 
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days 
following (I) in the case of sub-paragraph (A) above, the relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no 
longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable) or the LA-Cut-off Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) shall continue to be suspended until a relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary described above occur, the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) can occur or 
an LA Cut-Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, Securityholders may not receive any 
interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for any such 
non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the

--- Page 541 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
509 
 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest 
amount actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been 
suspended (the absolute value of such amount, the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount) from future payments of Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that if there is an outstanding Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked Notes are being 
redeemed or written down in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such 
interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to Securityholders at such time, or 
where Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption applies, Delivery of the relevant 
assets shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Securityholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) applies only if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at the Funding 
Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether "No Interest Accrual on 
Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and including) the first Business Day 
immediately following the (x) Relevant Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) and 
including in the case of paragraph (iii)) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full,  
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount".

--- Page 542 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
510 
 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only 
(subject to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or 
no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) is 
applicable). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition  2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event); 
(B) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) 
and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination

--- Page 543 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
511 
 
Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results 
in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(C) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of 
Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes 
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 5 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
any Contingent Interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); and 
(B) 
(x) any Non-Contingent Interest will continue to be payable on the Single Name 
Credit Linked Note and (y) any Contingent Interest will continue to accrue as 
usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in each case in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (y) the 
Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full. 
(iii) 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
Regardless of whether the Securities are Credit Linked Principal Notes or Credit Linked 
Interest Notes, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms 
by reference to an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the 
date which would have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, interest (or a portion thereof) has ceased to accrue in 
accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Principal Notes: 
(A) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(B) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable; or

--- Page 544 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
512 
 
(D) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(B) 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Principal Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event

--- Page 545 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
513 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption 
Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms).  
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(g) 
No redemption of Credit Linked Interest Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Interest Notes only.

--- Page 546 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
514 
 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled and subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date and notwithstanding that: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note has been 
determined for the sole purpose of calculating the amount of interest that has 
ceased to accrue in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(d)(ii) (Credit 
Linked Interest Notes); and  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Redemption Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will remain outstanding in full until the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, whereupon each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 1(a) (Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event has occurred) and the 
occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event shall be disregarded. For the avoidance of 
doubt, Credit Linked Conditions 14(b) (Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following 
partial exercise), 15 (Auction Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 
(Physical Redemption Terms) and 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) will not apply 
to such Credit Linked Notes. 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) 
shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
All Reference Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; 
however, redemption is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference 
Entity (and such Credit Event in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit 
Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or 
no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the

--- Page 547 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
515 
 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is 
not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding 
Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date.

--- Page 548 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
516 
 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the 
"Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at 
the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity

--- Page 549 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
517 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption 
had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference 
Entity(ies) in the basket), such Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to 
reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, 
Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in 
proportion to its respective weighting.

--- Page 550 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
518 
 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the 
Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no successor event has 
occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the 
case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early 
Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event).

--- Page 551 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
519 
 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer

--- Page 552 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
520 
 
shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Physical Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 553 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
521 
 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX® index). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity and accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity 
in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no successor event 
has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or

--- Page 554 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
522 
 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not 
an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of 
Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event);  
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and 
including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) 
the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable, which results in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each

--- Page 555 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
523 
 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
"Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with

--- Page 556 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
524 
 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 24(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on 
Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) shall be deemed not to have been 
delivered. 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a Restructured Entity), from 
(and including) the calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the relevant Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms: 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the 
Index Annex;  
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured 
Entity will not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 557 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
525 
 
referencing the Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit 
Event Announcement, except that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) 
(Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index) shall not apply 
(such new Credit Linked Notes, the New Single Name Credit Linked Notes) and if 
exercised, the Applicable Proportion of each New Single Name Credit Linked Note will 
redeem in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 6(f) 
(Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing 
solely the Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event 
Announcement and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the Reference Entity Notional Amount with 
respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to the DC Credit Event 
Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all 
purposes as Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be 
either an iTraxx® or CDX® index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in 
respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may be also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of:

--- Page 558 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
526 
 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date (notwithstanding, 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and there is an Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be 
payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as 
applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest amount accrued;  
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with paragraph (ii) 
above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 5 
(Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the 
earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results 
in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by 
reference to an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date 
which would have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event Redemption

--- Page 559 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
527 
 
Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination 
Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) of 
these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event

--- Page 560 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
528 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note on the 
Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding portion of each 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) of 
these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 24(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) (Restriction on

--- Page 561 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
529 
 
Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) shall be deemed not to have been 
delivered. 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount 
in respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched

--- Page 562 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
530 
 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the 
Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, that the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes 
of determining the interest amount accrued;  
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed 
in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of

--- Page 563 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
531 
 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 564 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
532 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding portion 
of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption 
Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of one Reference Entity where such 
Reference Entity is a sovereign of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to the 
credit risk of such Reference Entity, Securityholders are also exposed to additional risks 
associated with such local access jurisdictions. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Local Access Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 5 (Interest) will not be applicable to Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date:

--- Page 565 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
533 
 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the Interest Payment Date of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected by the potential Risk 
Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be 
payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date;  
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked Note is not 
reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any apportioned amount 
following any multiple successor determination or other adjustment deemed necessary 
to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked Conditions as determined by the  
Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access Credit Linked Note  to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding to 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of (y) and (z) interest shall 
be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred on or prior to 
the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business 
Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that interest shall 
be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that interest shall be payable if and only if the relevant Interest Payment 
Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, provided that interest 
shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or

--- Page 566 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
534 
 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, 
the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event)), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk 
Event Redemption Method, the "LA Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or 
the "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the Risk 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption 
Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of each 
Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the LA Settlement Assets by the LA 
Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Securityholder of each Local Access 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
(if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 567 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
535 
 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" occurs) or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA 
Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be 
determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
instead of the LA Recovery Amount, as further set out in the definition of LA Cash 
Redemption Amount in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the Final 
LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the 
Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local Access 
Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount 
in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, 
accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. 
The Securityholders will bear the loss of their entire principal and no liability shall 
attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Securityholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered 
to the Securityholders, shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be 
in the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down 
to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and equal 
to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; 
and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest  
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Securityholder(s) shall be reduced by an 
amount that in aggregate is equal in value to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of such Interest Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 568 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
536 
 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal  
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to 
the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and (ii) 
an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed in full, 
that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of principal 
(howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, then any 
payment(s) of principal due to the Securityholder(s) (including any Early Redemption Amount, 
Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA Settlement 
Assets to be delivered to the Securityholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest denomination of 
the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of such Principal Tax Deduction 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Securityholders should note that paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Credit Linked Condition are 
specific to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which a Credit Event Notice is relevant and will 
therefore not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event 
Determination Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, 
if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon 
receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is not 
required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
or writedown, as applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the 
same information required to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to the Issuer.  The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), 
forward them to the Fiscal Agent for delivery to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event or  Risk Event, as applicable, will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Fiscal Agent and each Securityholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or with respect 
to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice or 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
11. 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 11(b) (Payment 
timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which

--- Page 569 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
537 
 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Credit Event Notice" or "Risk Event Notice" and Credit 
Linked Condition 11(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is 
the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
12. 
Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) 
not to have occurred, or (iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(A) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance 
with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(B) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, that 
is payable to Securityholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the amount 
previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the date on 
which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the Issuer of such 
adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest, shall be taken into 
account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as 
practicable thereafter without the consent of Securityholders being required to make the above 
adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in 
respect of more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined 
chronologically in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity(ies): 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, 
the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question will be deemed to have 
satisfied this condition first) (a DC-determined EDD); or 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable (provided 
that if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, are

--- Page 570 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
538 
 
delivered at the same time, in a sequential order determined by the Calculation Agent) 
(a Notice-determined EDD), 
provided that: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined 
EDD, the DC-determined EDD will govern; 
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-
determined EDDs occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be 
deemed to have occurred prior to any such Notice-determined EDD, 
notwithstanding the exact time of the occurrence of such events on such day; and 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
following a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and 
related Relevant Event Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred 
under Credit Linked Condition 12(b)(i) instead of Credit Linked Condition 
12(b)(ii). 
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(i) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable (including, 
without limitation, where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, announced a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, 
declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved whether or not to 
convene to resolve any issue); 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is 
or 
may 
be 
subject 
to 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms;  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring; 
(iii) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring;   
(iv) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in 
relation to any Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial 
Cash Redemption Date, as applicable); 
(v) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/ Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(vi) 
a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date,

--- Page 571 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
539 
 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Securityholders 
and the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) apply, such amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and 
shall be payable without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the 
payment of such amount. 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Securityholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition does not apply to Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition, the definitions of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" and "Reference Entity Notional Amount" shall be construed in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) 
where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being 
identified is to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple 
Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders), each such Credit 
Event Notice specifying either (i) the amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, to which such Credit Event Notice applies, 
as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent which may: 
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the Exercise Amount), provided that if the 
Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference Entity immediately 
prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice,  
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an 
Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity, in each case, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such

--- Page 572 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
540 
 
Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies 
an Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than the Affected Reference Entity's Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or 
writedown of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Securityholders or, in the case of Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, for the purposes of 
calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and corresponding Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate 
to take account of this Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), including the 
basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption Amount, the Principal 
Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to 
Securityholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Securityholders or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity shall (in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced accordingly). The Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 5 (Interest) and the Calculation 
Agent may thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) 
in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity.

--- Page 573 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
541 
 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) apply in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes, on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant 
Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), such Global Registered Note 
Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency 
(or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, is not greater than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 15(a) 
(Fallback Redemption) or sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) under the definition of "No 
Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in 
accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs;  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days 
after such Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or

--- Page 574 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
542 
 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if Physical 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer (who will then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for 
onward delivery to the Securityholders) at any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-
off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction Redemption Date(or, if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction Redemption Amount on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such redemption and/or writedown of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final Price determined by 
reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "Applicable Auction", 
"Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date" and "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" shall be deemed to be references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" and the terms of these 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Auction Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount (calculated for the purpose of determining the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(if any), as applicable), as applicable, shall be determined using such Auction Final Price. 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Securityholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity. 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms

--- Page 575 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
543 
 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligation to be valued. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued 
but unpaid interest; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the Final Price Determination Date), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no 
later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent 
shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and 
such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, 
to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, equal to zero. 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice 
to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal 
Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Cash 
Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices).

--- Page 576 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
544 
 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation 
Date. 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; or (b) 
Physical Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical 
Redemption Terms) following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), be redeemed by, in 
respect of each Securityholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of 
the Physical Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets); and (ii) 
payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
(if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) or any Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
17(j)(iii) (Asset Package Delivery) pursuant to which the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the redemption of the Applicable Proportions of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully 
and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining portion 
of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the later of 
(i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended Maturity 
Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the Credit 
Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption 
Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms): 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of Physical 
Settlement to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as practicable and, 
in any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption Date. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in part, 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a 
prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such notice shall be sent to 
the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Securityholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 
p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective delivery 
by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the Securityholders 
and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly completed notice in 
writing (a Deliverable Obligation Notice):

--- Page 577 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
545 
 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specifying the Series number of the Credit Linked Notes which 
is the subject of the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment of the 
Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without limitation, (a) 
the name, address and/or details of the relevant Securityholder's (or the 
Securityholder's designee's) account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the Relevant Clearing System), to be 
debited with such Physical Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, 
agent or designee of the Securityholder to whom documents evidencing 
the transfer of Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) 
irrevocably instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to 
debit the relevant Securityholder's account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or Asset 
Package Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit Linked 
Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement), that the beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked 
Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a 
U.S. person and no cash, notes or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect 
of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered 
Note Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), that the 
beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked Note is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement;  
(VII) if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the definitive 
Credit Linked Notes;  
(VIII) providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Securityholder's holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any transfer 
restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Securityholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such relevant 
Securityholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only person 
entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as such (ii) the 
relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are the subject 
of such notice.

--- Page 578 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
546 
 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on 
the relevant Securityholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in respect of each 
Securityholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the 
applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer 
may only Deliver the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the 
Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the legal 
holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets. None 
of the Issuer nor any such other person will (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to any Securityholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, 
circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that 
other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, 
(iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any other person in respect of any 
loss or damage which such Securityholder or other person may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal 
holder of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, or 
(iv) have any liability whatsoever to any Securityholder or any other person if, as a result 
of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event or for any other reason whatsoever (including 
without limitation Credit Linked Conditions 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 17(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered)) or Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iv) 
(Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the obligations hereunder shall be 
satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) or shall 
cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the 
relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only be 
entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer 
which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, after 
consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding to 
such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its sole 
discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall be 
deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholders in 
respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption 
Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Securityholders Deliverable Obligations 
with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or the 
equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less than, that

--- Page 579 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
547 
 
which each Securityholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of Physical 
Redemption Assets.  
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (Election 
to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation); 
or  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be Delivered 
due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Applicable 
Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which cannot be 
Delivered, a Hedge Disruption Obligation),  
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation Agent 
may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading 
price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall be 
forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Securityholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). If no Delivery has been completed 
on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each 
Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), 
then on or before such date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as applicable 
which were not delivered on the Delivery Date.

--- Page 580 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
548 
 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event.  
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Securityholders on or prior to 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the Undeliverable Obligations). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant participation is 
not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant participation is 
not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the Unassignable 
Obligations). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption

--- Page 581 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
549 
 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the Undeliverable 
Participations). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans 
(other than any Loan which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or (ii) 
forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends 
to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date (the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date), sub-paragraph (ii) of 
this Credit Linked Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligation Only" has been specified as the 
Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) in the case of a 
Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked 
Condition 17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) shall apply), (C) 
in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked 
Condition 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the 
case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash Redemption of Participation" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked 
Condition 17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any 
case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event described in Credit Linked Condition 
17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) (in which case Credit 
Linked Condition 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) 
shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at any 
time after the 15th Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and after 
taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative 
Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer or any 
Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery 
Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent Required 
Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be 
effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical 
Redemption Date), such instrument may be further delivered by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders without the consent of any person being required. In the event that the 
Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in lieu of all or 
part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the 
fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer shall pay Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 582 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
550 
 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation) the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets which 
cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(g) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participations) or 17(j)(iv) (Asset Package Delivery) (each, an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of 
the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms)); 
(ii) 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations representing 
in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the greater 
of (A) (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the 
Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation (or in the 
case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with respect to such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, if 
any and (B) zero;  
(iii) 
Partial Cash Redemption Date and Fallback Cash Redemption Date means the date 
as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 Business 
Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount has the same meaning as set out in "Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount", provided that each reference therein to "Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(v) 
Reference Obligation means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation; 
(vi) 
Valuation Date means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
Valuation Method means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, 
Market Value; 
(viii) Quotation Method means Bid; 
(ix) 
Quotation Amount means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the

--- Page 583 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
551 
 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as 
close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or such 
transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such 
time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be specified by 
the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more than 
three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if more 
than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three Full 
Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, subject to sub-
paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that the Calculation 
Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations 
are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Business 
Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market 
Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Market Value 
shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" 
below; 
(xii) 
Quotation means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of either 
(a) if the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference Obligation's 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or (b) if the 
Reference Obligation is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, with respect to a 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day 
thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the 
same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 584 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
552 
 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice 
in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued 
but unpaid interest. 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then "Asset Package Delivery" will apply unless 
(A) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date 
determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC 
Credit Event Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
"Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published 
by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (B) the definition of "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in 
the Asset Package, provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if 
it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have 
been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends 
to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", (D) the 
Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the 
correct proportion and (E) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-
Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the 
Asset Market Value, converted if necessary into the currency of denomination of the 
Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 17(j) 
(Asset Package Delivery), the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the 
Asset Package (such assets, the Non-Deliverable Asset Package) as Physical 
Redemption Assets to pay to the Securityholders the Asset Market Value of the Non-
Deliverable Asset Package, converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of 
the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith (such cash payment the Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount). Payment of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall 
be made on or before the tenth Business Day following determination of the Asset 
Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be 
deemed to be the Physical Redemption Date.  
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash 
Redemption to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) 
with respect to the Asset Package and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each

--- Page 585 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
553 
 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata  amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its payment obligation with respect to 
the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such purpose, the related Asset 
Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the 
application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 
shall be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to apply. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into 
account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the Issuer and having on both the 
Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying 
the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such Deliverable Obligation 
shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective 
notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable Obligation in lieu of the same 
is not completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash 
Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset Package which has not been 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder their Credit Linked Note's pro 
rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Date. 
(v) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Issuer shall pay 
the Securityholder the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall thereafter 
forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Physical Redemption Date, deliver the 
Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 
(Notices). In order for the Local Access Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
17(a)(iii) shall also apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes save that the words 
"Physical Redemption Assets", "Credit Event" and "Credit Event Notice" shall be 
construed as "LA Settlement Assets", "Risk Event" and "Risk Event Notice" accordingly. 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical 
Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed by: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of each Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes pro rata share of the principal amount of LA Settlement 
Assets of an amount equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount less Unwind 
Costs (rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA 
Settlement Assets), Delivery Expenses (if any) on or prior to the LA Physical 
Redemption Date; and (ii) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount

--- Page 586 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
554 
 
(if any) (as set out in Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) (Payment of the Undeliverable 
LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall 
be fully and effectively discharged, provided that if in the determination of the Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impossible, 
illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, fiduciary or contractual) 
to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including any 
such LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) 
to the Securityholders, including circumstances in which a Market Disruption 
Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impracticable (whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not 
commercially reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of 
the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or 
on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Securityholders; and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Securityholders (including, without 
limitation, the Securityholders not having opened or notified the Issuer of its 
specified account, given any required certifications or as a result of limb (b) of 
the definition of Payment/Delivery Failure Event occurring), the Issuer is unable 
to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, for the delivery of some or all LA 
Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption Date, 
then the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the Securityholders 
with respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such circumstances 
described in (A), (B) or (C) above (the Undeliverable Assets) and the Issuer shall, in 
respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Local Access Credit Linked Note 
held by a Securityholder, pay to the specified account of that Securityholder on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
on the LA Valuation Date. 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall 
redeem or be written down in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
(specified in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and 
the related Relevant Event Determination Date) and the Cash Redemption Amount or 
the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall be determined using such Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the definitions of "Cash Redemption Amount" 
and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions);  
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is deemed 
to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and

--- Page 587 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
555 
 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable Valuation 
Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. The Securityholders will bear the loss of 
their entire principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and 
redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Redemption Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount. 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(a) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay) shall not 
apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event has occurred (in which case, Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, the obligation of the Issuer to pay the 
relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the Payment/Delivery Failure Event no 
longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, where the Securityholder requests the 
Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such other account or to such other person 
as the Securityholder specifies and represents to the Issuer that such payment to its designee 
will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder in respect of such payment). Where 
such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such postponement to the 
Securityholders (Payment Failure Event Notice) as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date) 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Securityholder has not elected 
for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with sub-
paragraph (c) above), no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's obligations 
to the Securityholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. 
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver

--- Page 588 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
556 
 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver) shall 
not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes (instead, Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Securityholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).   
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and if 
such Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
20 (Payment/Delivery Failure Event) will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the 
purpose of the definition of Events of Default and will not entitle the relevant Securityholder to 
any additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding notice 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to: 
(A) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Physical Redemption Date, 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation Date or a Delivery 
Date; or 
(B) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the earlier of:

--- Page 589 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
557 
 
(1) 
the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes in full or a Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
the date falling one calendar year from (and including) (x) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies) or (y) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date (if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), 
a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination Date may occur in respect of 
each Reference Entity referenced in the basket or Index, as applicable, provided that, 
other than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event Determination Date shall 
apply only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, 
all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll 
and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, 
the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit 
Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall 
resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a Redemption 
Suspension Notice) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the 
Securityholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
22. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014;

--- Page 590 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
558 
 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or following 
the earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution Request Date, not 
identified a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules). 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery 
of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event 
Notice or Successor Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the 
Succession Date, any Successor or Successors in accordance with the definition of "Successor", 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of the 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages 
used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 
22(b) (Successor Determinations), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider 
all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the 
determination of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor 
has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall, with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the 
order of such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such 
successions occurring in the order determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 591 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
559 
 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference 
Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with 
effect from the Succession Date unless it has also been identified as a Successor), provided that, 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) if the Successor is not an Nth-to-
Default Non Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the Reference Entity Count will 
be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity (as defined 
below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a Successor to an 
Nth-to-Default Non Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally apply in the 
case of a single Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor 
or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(h) 
Multiple Successors  
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference 
Entity affected by a succession being a Single Name Succession Reference Entity), 
more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following 
terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding 
nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each 
Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Single Name Successor 
Entity) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but instead the relevant 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to 
the nominal amount represented by such Single Name Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above (the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount);

--- Page 592 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
560 
 
(II) 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes, such Credit Linked Notes shall, 
thereafter, be redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) 
(Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); 
and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification 
of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(i) (Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity, an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such succession or any previous successions, the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one Successor has been 
identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Nth-to-Default Successor 
Entity) and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of the 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth to 
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to which a 
Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in respect of an M(M)R where the Exercise 
Amount is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in part) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 593 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
561 
 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose of the 
Notes and the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Nth-to-
Default Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is 
effected (the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 4(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification 
of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, subject 
to sub-paragraph (F) below, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be specified 
only once, and such change shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes;  
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a 
Successor to any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a 
succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the absence 
of a Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession 
Reference Entity is identical to that of the Nth-to Default Succession 
Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity shall be equal to the sum of (x) the Reference 
Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the relevant succession (the Surviving Reference 
Entity Count) and (y) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession 
(the Legacy Reference Entity Count, and the Legacy Reference Entity 
Count and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the Combined 
Prior Count); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of the Nth-to 
Default Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion as at the Succession Date any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts into two separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Legacy Reference Entity

--- Page 594 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
562 
 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a Transaction 
Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity and (b) a Reference Entity Count 
equal to the Combined Prior Count; and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Surviving 
Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with 
the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to 
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity and (ii) a Reference 
Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(ii) (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, a Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one Successor has been 
identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Linear Basket 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Linear Basket Successor 
Entity), and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Linear Basket 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); and

--- Page 595 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
563 
 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iii) (Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, an Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the 
consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Index Untranched Succession 
Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Index Untranched 
Successor Entity), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities 
will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index Untranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 6(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable

--- Page 596 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
564 
 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iv) (Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each an Index 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity and the Reference Entities unaffected by such 
succession, the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the 
consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount, other relevant 
calculation amounts, the Reference Entity Notional Amount equally in relation to each 
Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Index Tranched Successor 
Entity), and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index Tranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected;

--- Page 597 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
565 
 
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment referred to above and (II) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such Successor as a result of the 
apportionment referred to above (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(v) (Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each 
such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date 
has previously occurred, a Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be 
amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, 
to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal 
amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Portfolio 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Portfolio Tranched Successor 
Entity), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will 
continue to be Reference Entities;

--- Page 598 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
566 
 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Portfolio Tranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected;  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 8(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vi) (Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, a Local Access 
Succession Reference Entity), more than one Successor has been identified by the 
Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant 
calculation amounts equally in relation to each Local Access Succession Reference 
Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Local Access Successor 
Entity) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
(and accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event) may occur in respect of

--- Page 599 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
567 
 
the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of the Local Access Successor Entity after such Succession 
Date: 
(I)  
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the to the nominal amount represented by such Local Access 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Local Access Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II)  
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in 
part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 9(f)(i) (LA Cash 
Redemption), (ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) (LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a 
Securityholder's pro rata share of the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects 
of the identification of more than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vii) (Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and "Mod R" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then unless the 
Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies 
due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring

--- Page 600 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
568 
 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is 
used in this sub-paragraph shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (B) 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by 
Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset 
Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation 
may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (y) has a 
final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date in each case, as of the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
for purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final 
maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term 
"final maturity date", as such term is used in this sub-paragraph shall mean the specified 
date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(ii) 
Where a Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not 
received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been 
refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer, The Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Fiscal Agent (for onward notification to the Securityholder) of such refusal (or 
deemed refusal). If a Securityholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) designates 
a third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable law or 
regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to any tax 
or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Securityholder does not take Delivery on or prior 
to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 17(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under sub-paragraph (a) or (b)(i) of this Credit 
Linked Condition 23 (Deliverable Obligations), the relevant final maturity date shall, subject to 
the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in 
the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified to be not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of 
"Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the 
event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are 
not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined

--- Page 601 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
569 
 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event (provided that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the 
Obligation is a Bond). In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this 
definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
24. 
Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Standard Reference Obligation which is the obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
with the relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
(ii) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such 
Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such Obligation has already 
been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such Obligation has not changed materially since the 
date of the relevant DC Resolution. In the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable, if there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall select such obligation 
rather than identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraphs 
(iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition. 
(ii) 
If any of the events contained in sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of this Credit Linked 
Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation)). If the event contained in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation 
until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events 
set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur 
with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy)); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and

--- Page 602 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
570 
 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such Obligation is 
available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligation), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of 
the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been 
identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification.

--- Page 603 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
571 
 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation 
is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to identify a 
suitable substitute, subject to sub-paragraph (i) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the Securityholders stating the occurrence of 
such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which the Credit Linked Notes will 
be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than the relevant 
Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies and such Reference 
Obligation is the only Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation 
Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category, and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required to 
be made under Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) including if there is 
a Steps Plan, making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from (and including) 
the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments) (B) any Reference Obligation is an 
Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than 
due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no 
longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) above and other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any Reference Obligation is 
no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity;

--- Page 604 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
572 
 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, with 
respect to an M(M)R Restructuring are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
14 (M(M)R Restructuring), making any modifications required pursuant to that Credit 
Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount 
of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is not 
available on the Next Currency Fixing Date; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(xiv) determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 12 (Event 
Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events); 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining accrued but 
unpaid interest;  
(xvi) determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) determining whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred where "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(xix) interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (xv) of this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent 
Determination) notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent 
Determination) are decided and/or determined by a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such decision or determination to the extent such 
decision and/or determination is applicable to any Credit Linked Notes. In certain 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow the decisions or determinations 
of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or determinations made by the Calculation 
Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.

--- Page 605 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
573 
 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the 
Securityholders, amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or 
alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the 
documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for 
market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent Determination) shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
26. 
Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any 
Global Registered Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.  
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Securityholders 
of the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), to the extent 
required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
A Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
A Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
A Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
A Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has 
been identified); 
(v) 
If the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
provide for the basket or Index, as applicable, to be amended from time to time other 
than as a result of the identification of any Successor, details of any amendments to the 
basket or Index, as applicable;  
(vi) 
The designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such notice 
shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) the failure of the 
Issuer to deliver a notice to the Securityholders pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
26 (Notices) shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in accordance 
with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
A notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(viii) A notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Conditions 12 (Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and 
Ordering of Events) or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(ix) 
Following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice;

--- Page 606 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
574 
 
(x) 
Following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms), the Auction 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
A Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice;  
(xiii) A Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xiv) A Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), any notice required to be 
delivered by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been delivered to Securityholders upon delivery of 
such notice to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such 
notice to Securityholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the 
effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer 
to redeem (in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to writedown the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance 
with the relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of them 
to not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), a notice delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business 
Day will be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. 
(London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following 
Issuer Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 26 (Communications) and 27 (Notices) of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices 
delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions.  
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall 
be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such

--- Page 607 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
575 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Mod R" and sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Mod Mod R" to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation 
shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
28. 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the 
Trade Date; and/or

--- Page 608 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
576 
 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not 
exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
29. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Conditions. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable.  
Additional Risk Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence or existence, on or after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date, of: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event; and/or 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event. 
Additional Risk Event Start Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Affected Reference Entity means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit 
Event has occurred (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, for Nth-to Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, only the nth Reference Entity can be an Affected Reference Entity). 
Aggregate Default Count means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, on 
the Issue Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased by each Event Determination Date by 
the Reference Entity Count (determined immediately prior to such Event Determination Date) 
of the related Reference Entity provided that if any Event Determination Date occurs at such 
time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there remains unresolved potential Credit 
Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring with respect to one 
or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity 
it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not be effected until such 
time as the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event Determination Date 
could occur. 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss Amounts 
calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Aggregate Recovery Amount means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus

--- Page 609 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
577 
 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with 
respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled 
Entities. 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all 
Settled Entities. 
Applicable Auction means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to a 
Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms  meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes  would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the 
designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such 
representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and 
any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any 
Hedging Positions the  Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such 
Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation 
(a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered by such 
auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative credit 
derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit 
Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination 
Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms  meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R 
Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the 
auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the 
Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such 
auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have 
been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. 
Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made available by 
the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement means a DC Credit Event Announcement which 
the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit event, the date the 
credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any  connected DC Resolution

--- Page 610 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
578 
 
(including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request Date) and/or 
statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the 
applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations 
or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable obligations(s) in 
question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution  and/or 
statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedging Position  that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question means a DC Credit Event Question which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question 
submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the 
obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution  and/or statement associated 
with such announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other 
things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution  and/or statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedging Position  
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes). 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement means a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) applicable Credit 
Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting 
in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and 
any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such announcement  and (b) 
any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit 
Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under 
such Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, expressed as 
the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Applicable Proportion means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event (as applicable) and a Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the product of:

--- Page 611 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
579 
 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(I) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(x) 
in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
100 per cent.; or 
(y) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to (x) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
relating to the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (y) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable; or 
(II) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount specified in 
the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity 
and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and Relevant 
Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Applicable Resolution means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution  and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the

--- Page 612 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
580 
 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if 
"Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Attachment Point means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Auction means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the 
administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its 
website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package 
which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related 
Credit 
Event 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
auction 
administrator's 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
the Auction Final Price, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.

--- Page 613 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
581 
 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Auction Redemption Date means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Bankruptcy means the relevant Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition. 
Capital Ratio means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk weighted 
assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:

--- Page 614 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
582 
 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the Final Price or (y) where Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
Cash Redemption Amount Notice means a notice in writing specifying the Cash Redemption 
Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss Amount, Recovery Amount, Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the Valuation Obligation(s) which were 
the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such 
Quotation that it received in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written 
computation showing such calculation. 
Cash Redemption Date means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Certificate Balance means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case 
of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of 
unreimbursed principal investment. 
CoCo Provision means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligation to Securityholders. 
CoCo Reference Entity means a Reference Entity to which the "2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions", as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014, is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition, and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of

--- Page 615 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
583 
 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
Contingent Interest means, if "Contingent Interest" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest Amount in 
respect of which the payment is contingent upon the non-occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
published 
by 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website) from time to time 
and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to construe 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give effect 
to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Credit Derivatives Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
Credit Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of one or more of 
the following Credit Events as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to 
Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or 
indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter 
into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; 
or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date, the Issue Date or a number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the

--- Page 616 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
584 
 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the "Notice Delivery 
Date", if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, which the Calculation Agent has 
the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to either redeem or write down the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in 
accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable 
Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as 
applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is 
effective. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash 
Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount or the LA Cash Redemption Amount.  
Credit Event Redemption Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or 
the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
Fallback Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes:

--- Page 617 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
585 
 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or 
the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the LA Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, the 
LA Physical Redemption Date. 
Credit Event Redemption Method means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, 
Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Event Writedown Date means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
Credit Linked Interest Notes means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Credit Linked Note means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Local 
Access Credit Linked Note.  
Credit Linked Principal Notes means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Credit Linked Principal" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash 
Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated on such day.  
CRR means Article 63 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Currency Amount means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference

--- Page 618 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
586 
 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency 
in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time 
or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
CUSIP means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
Custodian means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including 
the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank or clearing house 
(or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a Reference Investor 
as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a 
Reference Entity. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC-determined EDD has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering of 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events 
or Risk Events). 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 619 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
587 
 
DC Resolution means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by the 
DC Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
hereof. 
DC Secretary means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC 
Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Securityholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens 
routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or 
procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Securityholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. 
Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time provided further that each of the Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Securityholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of 
any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery 
for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Securityholder shall 
be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take, any action under

--- Page 620 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
588 
 
Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 17(k) (LA Physical Redemption 
Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. Further, for purposes of this 
definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy, determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable Obligations" 
below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or any 
Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for the purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable Obligation shall 
be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 27 
(Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be amended to state that 
no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation 
Only); 
(II) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer; 
(III) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable 
in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws;

--- Page 621 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
589 
 
(IV) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(V) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with 
the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent; 
(VI) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right 
in favour of each Securityholder that provides each such Securityholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan 
which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each such Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, 
as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as applicable, is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any lender or member 
of the relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(VII) Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 
30 years); 
(VIII) Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(IX) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for 
resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect 
in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Deliverable Obligation". 
Deliverable Obligation Notice has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
17(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets).

--- Page 622 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
590 
 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance with 
the definition of "Deliver"). 
Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or expenses, 
including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the 
delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall additionally include any transfer or similar fee 
reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and 
any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference 
Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, 
if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the Delivery Date or (B) the Valuation 
Date, as applicable. 
Ecuador Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ecuador and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 5 March 2018, is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Effective Date means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company;

--- Page 623 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
591 
 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is 
one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or 
other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of 
this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent amounts in 
other currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Event Determination Date means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date, as applicable. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after the 
date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for purposes 
of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Subordinated Obligation; and

--- Page 624 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
592 
 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
Exhaustion Point means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:  
(i) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(A) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(B) 
 the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(C) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(D) 
in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes only, the date falling five 
Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where 
a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes 
Extension Date, the later to occur of:  
(A) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off 
Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date); or 
(B) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date under limbs (i) and (ii) of Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest to occur 
of: 
(A) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, 
as applicable; 
(B) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(C) 
the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off 
Date, if applicable. 
Extension Date means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the Grace Period 
Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the

--- Page 625 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
593 
 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the 
relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does 
not directly or indirectly result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the relevant Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to 
whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which 
purposes, the Calculation Agent may take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 
Fallback Redemption Method means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that for Credit Linked Interest Notes, there will be no 
Fallback Redemption Method. 
Final Auction Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Final Auction Redemption Date means the later to occur of (A) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Final Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other 
than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a 
Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 626 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
594 
 
Final Cash Redemption Date means the later to occur of (A) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
later to occur of (A) the last LA Cash Redemption Date in respect of the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. 
Final List means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the DC Rules. 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
Final Price means (a) the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method or (b) where the Valuation 
Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the entirety of the Asset Package 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method, expressed as a percentage of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in 
each case, determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(a) (Determination of 
Final Price). 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery Percentage means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the Quotation Amount or for the Asset Package. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date and the date on which an effective Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, was delivered. Any

--- Page 627 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
595 
 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. 
Funding Interest Rate means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
FX Rate means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a non-resident of the Reference 
Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant Currency 
for value on the LA Value Date, provided that if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
FX Rate Set Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for determining the FX Rate. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the relevant Reference Entity or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) 
or (c) of this definition. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in a 
form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or

--- Page 628 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
596 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if "CoCo Provision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, with 
respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or 
(ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (d) of this definition. 
For purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the 
period specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
Guarantee means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant Guarantee 
or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption 
Obligation).

--- Page 629 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
597 
 
Hellenic Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Hellenic Republic and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 29 May 2012, is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Implicit Portfolio Size means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
Inconvertibility Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence 
of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency 
through customary legal channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable 
as those available to residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally 
transfer or repatriate any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from 
accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or 
between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash 
payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency) made under the Reference Investor 
Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental 
Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or 
the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
Index means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Index Annex means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published 
by the Index Publisher specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto. 
Index Annex Date means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Index Publisher means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any replacement 
appointed by the Index Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(x)  
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(y) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on such day equal to the lowest of:

--- Page 630 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
598 
 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day); minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
Instrument Payments means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (A) in the 
case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return 
on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and 
(y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in 
the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) hereof (1) determined without regard to limited 
recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Insured Instrument, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given 
in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
Insured Obligor, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given in 
the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the relevant Reference Investor 
Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any 
taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of 
whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of 
the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor.

--- Page 631 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
599 
 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (or any successor 
organisation thereto). 
Issue Terms means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, the 
applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
Issuer Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg.  
LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
LA Cash Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five 
Business Days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
where LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method but 
physical redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, five 
Business Days following the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date. 
LA Cut-Off Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) the 
date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has not occurred; and (ii) the 
date falling 30 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable. 
LA Interest Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Interest 
Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. For the purposes of General Condition 5 
(Interest), the LA Interest Amount shall constitute an Interest Amount. 
LA Physical Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar days following 
the LA Cut-Off Date. 
LA Recovery Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal 
to the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the LA Valuation 
Date from the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of LA Physical Redemption, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of LA Cash Redemption, a nominal amount equal to the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference Entity, as such 
assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any securities, 
cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been exchanged or 
converted from time to time),

--- Page 632 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
600 
 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the LA Recovery 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The applicable LA 
Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
LA Relevant Currency means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, being the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
LA Settlement Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
LA Valuation Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any Business Day 
selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA 
Cash Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash 
Redemption Date.  
LA Value Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Interest Payment Date (if applicable), the LA Cash Redemption Date or the LA Cut-
Off Date, as applicable. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable 
Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality), 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) and 17(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty calendar days after 
the relevant Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iii) (Asset Package 
Delivery), the date the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply; and 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption 
of Consent Required Loans), 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans) and 
17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date that is 15 Business Days 
after the Physical Redemption Date.

--- Page 633 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
601 
 
LCY Reference Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
in the LA Relevant Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the 10-year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation 
Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each 
occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders 
in respect of Reference Investor Assets held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction. 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Local Access Successor Entity has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions). 
Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on any day equal to: 
(i) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(a) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and 
provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal 
to the product of: 
(I) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity 
on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(b) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(I) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity 
on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed Recovery 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; or 
(ii) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred:

--- Page 634 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
602 
 
(a) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and 
provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal 
to the product of: 
(I) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(b) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(I) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed Recovery 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Loss Threshold Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size 
and (ii) the Attachment Point. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that 
has the effect of (a) the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, 
futures or other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; 
or (b) any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the 
principal clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor 
Assets. 
Market Value means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date, 
(a) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, 
the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations 
are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations 
are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation", an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full 
Quotations are obtained; and (f) if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten 
Business Day period set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market 
Value shall be determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
Maturity Redemption Amount means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to (x) the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (y) the LCY 
Reference Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates.

--- Page 635 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
603 
 
Merger Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" 
or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional 
Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by ISDA on 15 September 
2014, is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
"No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of 
Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked 
Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the 
Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if 
more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of 
credit protection where the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other 
date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any 
public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the 
Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of a buyer of 
protection). 
Multiple Holder Obligation has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 23(d) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective.

--- Page 636 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
604 
 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the 
contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more 
Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date 
will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an Obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
Non-Contingent Interest means, if "Non-Contingent Interest" is specified as applicable in 
respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest 
Amount in respect of which the payment is not contingent upon the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event. 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and 
a Series to which paragraph (a) of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with 
respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified as 
applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the applicable 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; (II) the 
relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (III) the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement; 
or 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
 
(1) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified as applicable and Auction Redemption is specified 
as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 637 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
605 
 
(2) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders 
and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders and is 
effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from, and 
including, the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to, and including, the 
date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified 
as applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit 
Event Announcement on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is specified as 
applicable and the Trade Date occurs and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and is effective on a date that is later than the relevant 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement 
occurs, 
a 
Non-Standard 
Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes with respect to the portion of 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are

--- Page 638 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
606 
 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring 
as the only Credit Event has previously been delivered by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (aa) unless the M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount 
specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity or (cc) unless a representative credit 
derivative transaction economically equivalent to the Credit 
Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same 
Affected Reference Entity and (x) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the case of 
M(M)R Restructuring,  having a scheduled termination date 
which falls within  the designated scheduled termination 
dates for the Applicable Auction and having similar tenor to 
the Credit Linked Notes (in each case,  assuming "Auction 
Redemption" and a deemed occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date)would be a covered transaction for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the deliverable obligations set out on 
the Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions applicable for such Series. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" 
does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and:

--- Page 639 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
607 
 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that 
is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List 
is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means each Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
NOPS Amendment Notice has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
Notes Extension Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (a) the 
last day of any "Notice Delivery Period"; (b) the last Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which could occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (c) the last 
Relevant Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC 
Credit Event Announcement; (d) the last day of any Post Dismissal Additional Period; 
and (e) the last Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off 
Date, as applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
Notice-determined EDD has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering 
of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit 
Events or Risk Events). 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in applicable 
Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, has been delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 15(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is 
dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends 
to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the applicable Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver 
to Securityholders (in aggregate) and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number 
(or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as

--- Page 640 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
608 
 
applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the Outstanding 
Amount) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and the 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Securityholders (the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount). The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, in the manner specified above (each such 
notification, a NOPS Amendment Notice) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one 
or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not 
been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). A NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will Deliver to Securityholders (each, a Replacement Deliverable Obligation) 
and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being 
replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount). The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the 
Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. 
The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, 
in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. 
Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption 
Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment 
Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to 
the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant Delivery Date and (y) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall on or prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders of the description of the Asset 
Package, if any, that the Issuer would Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; it being understood in each case that 
such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to the 
nth Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method, where "n" shall be the number specified in such Issue Terms. 
If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or 
greater than n, such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity. 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Obligation means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a 
Qualifying Policy)), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining

--- Page 641 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
609 
 
Obligations" below; and (b) the Reference Obligation, in each case, unless it is an Excluded 
Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation is 
each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the 
subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and: 
(II) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(III) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(IV) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(V) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(VI) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for 
the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
and 
(VII) Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
(VIII) Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed 
and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or (II) the "Prior Reference Obligation" if 
applicable; 
(B) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second 
Obligation) and another obligation of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required 
to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation 
or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive 
or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the relevant 
Reference Entity at any time that the relevant Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.

--- Page 642 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
610 
 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (1) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of 
law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into 
account where the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (2) in the 
case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the 
date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, 
then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of 
selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking 
in priority of payment after such date and further provided that, in respect 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is 
described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any 
characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws 
of any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(C) 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation 
most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, 
if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date 
and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that 
was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter 
if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iii) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency 
other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified 
Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold 
on an exchange; and

--- Page 643 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
611 
 
(vii) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is 
registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, 
is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not 
to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is "Borrowed Money" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Obligation". 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes be calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to reflect any Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is determined to exist on 
the Issue Date). 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means each obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in 
the applicable Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are: 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes, an amount equal to; 
(A) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit 
Linked Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events; or

--- Page 644 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
612 
 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount; 
(b) 
in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as 
applicable; 
(c) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled Entity 
Incurred Loss Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue Date; 
minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date; and 
(d) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or 
prior to such date. 
Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the 
definition of "Accrued Interest", the relevant Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee (or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)) will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) 
of the Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) (determined as if 
references to the relevant Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor 
(or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount (in each case, if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant 
to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise 
be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) above of the definition of 
Outstanding Principal Balance less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount) (provided that, in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in 
respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds 
subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments

--- Page 645 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
613 
 
owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (b) provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy 
by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent 
any such limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on (I) 
the Delivery Date, or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue 
price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance": 
(i) 
applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject;  
(ii) 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly 
asserted against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount 
if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise 
become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the 
Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
(iii) 
if "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (x) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is 
not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (c)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either 
a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount 
or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment 
amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion 
over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment 
of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the 
lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan 
and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight 
line interpolation: 
(x)  
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue 
price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange 
shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the Original 
Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market 
or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y)  
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be 
treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s)

--- Page 646 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
614 
 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account 
the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b)(B) above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction. 
Ownership Restriction Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, 
impossible or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially 
delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or 
remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an "M(M)R 
Restructuring", any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an "Event Determination Date") 
which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms 
under consideration but would not be a covered transaction (due to the range of designated 
scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration or 
otherwise)  for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event means, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Securityholder to 
provide account details of its designee), or for a Securityholder to accept payment of (due 
to an event beyond the control of such Securityholder), any cash amount (including, 
without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date intended 
for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not cured by 
the affected party; or

--- Page 647 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
615 
 
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 20 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event). 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable obligations included 
on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that 
Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference Entity from its 
payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Redemption Assets means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) the Physical Redemption Terms are 
applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such Deliverable 
Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) 
a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with an Outstanding

--- Page 648 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
616 
 
Principal Balance equal to the Applicable Proportion or the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the Physical Redemption 
Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and the 
amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an Asset Package Credit 
Event has occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond which 
would otherwise have been included in the Physical Redemption Assets has been converted into 
an Asset Package, then references in this definition of "Physical Redemption Assets" to 
"Deliverable Obligations" shall be references to the resulting Asset Package and the Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. The Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which 
case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will 
include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine).  
Physical Redemption Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the date of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before 
that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Physical Settlement Matrix means the "Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix" as 
most recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date or, in respect of Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Effective Date, as applicable 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website). The Physical Settlement Matrix may be 
applicable to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event 
Redemption Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption) where "Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and one or more Transaction Type(s) are specified as applying to the relevant Reference 
Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) 
(Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current 
market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall determine; 
provided that if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, has notified the 
Fiscal Agent and Securityholders) that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 
30 Business Days. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
a bespoke basket of two or more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
include the component Reference Entities of an Index) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(x)   
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus

--- Page 649 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
617 
 
(y) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day); minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or 
prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of 
such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference 
Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account 
of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade 
Date) of whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any 
authority of the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
Principal Writedown Amount means, in respect of:

--- Page 650 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
618 
 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected Reference 
Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity.  
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) existed 
immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such 
Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was 
legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not 
such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow 
Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of 
Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity 
(or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described,

--- Page 651 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
619 
 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition 
of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference 
Entity and (b) that the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
"Underlying Obligation" for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; 
(iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting or 
anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or (B) any Solvency Capital 
Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the Guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 652 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
620 
 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee such Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of such Guarantee. 
Qualifying Policy means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial 
guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured 
Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented by the 
"Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by 
ISDA on 15 September 2014) in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to 
the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Accelerated or Matured", whether 
or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation" 
or "Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" are specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type and if the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Reference 
Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a Quotation is

--- Page 653 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
621 
 
being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which 
shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. Where an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been converted into 
an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such 
amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time 
that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. 
Quotation Dealer means, (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which 
is not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, if applicable, and which deals in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer, if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no 
longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations 
of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or 
more of the foregoing. 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's 
quotation, 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation 
Method shall be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its

--- Page 654 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
622 
 
sole and absolute discretion, or any other method of quotation provided in the market for the 
relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount 
equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, multiplied 
by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount 
equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, multiplied 
by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise 
Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity. 
Recovery Threshold Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall 
be the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point. 
Redemption Suspension Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
Reference Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount of any 
assets specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms issued by the relevant Reference Entity 
with an original maturity date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a nominal amount 
equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such assets may be amended from time 
to time (including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which 
such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, provided that when 
determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
with reference to the terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such 
replacement securities or assets).

--- Page 655 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
623 
 
Reference Custodian means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means, in respect of Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, any formal or informal (express or implied) arrangement, method, means or 
account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest 
(including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof. 
Reference Entity means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each 
entity contained in the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity Count means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
a Reference Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 22(h) (Multiple 
Successors). 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the 
Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities, 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
Reference Entity Weighting means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched

--- Page 656 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
624 
 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant Reference Entity, the percentage specified 
for such relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Investor means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any person that 
holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may include the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose vehicle or account through 
which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference 
Jurisdiction). 
Reference Investor Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations. 
Reference Jurisdiction means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the jurisdiction 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Obligation means: 
(a) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Standard Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, provided that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective 
of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall 
be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the 
SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the 
SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Series 
and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior 
Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that 
is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
or 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Obligation as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as deemed 
amended by any Index Annex or pursuant to determinations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the Index Sponsor. 
Reference Obligation Only Series means a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
(a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Entity. 
Regulatory Change Cost means, in respect of a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have 
incurred in respect of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held,

--- Page 657 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
625 
 
transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect thereof) 
at any time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Regulatory Change Event means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date by 
any Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged 
by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of 
(including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority 
(provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any settlement 
system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate 
the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) 
Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the term 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, 
reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement on such 
Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of hedging 
the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Notes at any 
time during the term of such Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Credit Event means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to the nth Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount). 
Relevant Event Determination Date means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee.

--- Page 658 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
626 
 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the 
first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall 
have the same meaning as it would if the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior 
Reference Entity. 
Relevant Risk Event means, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a  Risk Event 
which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the Risk Event Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Risk Event. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 659 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
627 
 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the 
purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders) that describes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of 
the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred 
and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject 
of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of 
a specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of 
the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as 
of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to

--- Page 660 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
628 
 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such 
other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) 
of this definition of "Restructuring" only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is 
from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) 
the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event 
and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the 
Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring": 
(I) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee 
and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in this 
definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the 
relevant Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
(II) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms 
of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(III) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and second 
paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Insured Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph 
above shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 661 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
629 
 
(IV) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the first 
paragraph above are hereby amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof; or (B) the payment of the Instrument Payments described 
in clause (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (A) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination or such Obligation to any other Obligation; or (B) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final 
maturity date", as such term is used in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 662 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
630 
 
Risk Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event; 
or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event or an Additional Risk 
Event. 
Risk Event Determination Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Risk Event, the date on which an effective Risk Event Notice has been delivered 
by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders. 
Risk Event Determination Period means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
period from and including the Additional Risk Event Start Date to and including the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Risk Event Notice means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable notice 
from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Local Access Credit Linked Notes to which the Risk Event Notice 
relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Risk 
Event Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination Period 
and provides details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk  Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Local Access Credit Linked Notes in the relevant 
Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
Risk Event Redemption Method means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, LA 
Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension means an extension determined in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior, Non-Preferred Reference Obligations", as published by ISDA on 8 
December 2017, is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to one or 
more Reference Entities and in respect of which each such relevant Reference Entity constitutes 
a Subordinated Reference Entity.

--- Page 663 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
631 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or 
which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
Senior Obligation means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Senior Reference Entity means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) if no 
such seniority level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level", or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference 
Entity, the "Senior Non-Preferred Level". 
Settled Entity means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) 
identified as such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix.  
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss 
Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount. 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery 
Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount. 
Settled Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of 
zero): 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such 
Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Settled Entity Matrix means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled 
Entity Matrix as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately 
preceding the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and as published by Markit 
or any successor thereto (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto). 
Settled Entity Notional Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (x) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (y) the Settled Entity Weighting of the 
relevant Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled Entity 
Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of:

--- Page 664 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
632 
 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the lesser of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite 
such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Settled Entity Weighting means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with 
respect to a Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Specified Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference 
Assets, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Settlement/Custodial Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, (a) the 
occurrence of any event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, 
or may result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" 
were changed to "Custodian" for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect 
thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to 
a Reference Investor under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to 
take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the 
terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may 
affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders 
in respect of one Reference Entity. 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Single Name Successor Entity has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions). 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, 
converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect 
of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a 
Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally 
effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event.

--- Page 665 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
633 
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, two). 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
Standard Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Credit Event and: 
(a) 
a Series where Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
Redemption Method and "Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by a Notifying Party to the other party and is effective 
on or prior to the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to 
the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which 
no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders, 
(aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice 
is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, 
and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event 
Notice was less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes,

--- Page 666 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
634 
 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative transaction 
economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format 
referencing the same Affected Reference Entity and (a) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable Obligation Terms 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (b) in the 
case of M(M)R Restructuring,  having a scheduled termination date which 
falls within  the designated scheduled termination dates for the Applicable 
Auction and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each case,  
assuming "Auction Redemption"  and a deemed occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date) would be a covered transaction and the deliverable 
obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the Deliverable 
Obligations for such Series. 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be 
published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on 
which such Final List is published (assuming, for the purposes of the timing set 
out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent (as 
a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-
off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, 
by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity existed. 
Subordinated Reference Entity means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Reference Obligation) or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked

--- Page 667 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
635 
 
Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Index Sponsor (in the 
absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation". 
Substitution Event means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant Reference 
Entity, (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the 
Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, such 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the Credit 
Linked Notes determined by the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to 
take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
Successor means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, 
in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)

--- Page 668 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
636 
 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date 
of the assumption, such entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
Successor Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the date 
that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (I) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, 
(II) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to make a Successor determination and (III) the Successor Notice is delivered 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not more than 14 calendar days after the day

--- Page 669 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
637 
 
on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; provided 
that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date 
of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor" would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence 
of an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that describes a succession (or, in 
relation to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Successor". 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
T2 Settlement Day means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem (T2) is open. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or 
which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above 
shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Tranche Size means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms.

--- Page 670 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
638 
 
Transaction Type means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
to a Series where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
European COCO Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(g) 
Emerging European Corporate; 
(h) 
Japan Corporate; 
(i) 
Japan Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(k) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(l) 
Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Asia Corporate; 
(n) 
Asia Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Asia Sovereign; 
(p) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(q) 
Western European Sovereign; 
(r) 
Latin America Corporate B; 
(s) 
Latin America Corporate BL; 
(t) 
Latin America Sovereign; 
(u) 
Australia Corporate; 
(v) 
Australia Financial Corporate; 
(w) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(x) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(y) 
New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
New Zealand Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
Trigger Percentage means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per 
cent.).

--- Page 671 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
639 
 
Ukraine Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ukraine and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 11 April 2016, is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Undeliverable Assets has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 17(k) (LA 
Physical Redemption Terms). 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal 
to the greater of 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any 
Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the relevant LA 
Settlement Assets to deliver). 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the subject 
of the Guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of 
a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Universal Successor has the meaning given in the definition of Successor. 
Unwind Costs means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes and (if the Issuer 
has elected to hedge its exposure) the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
hedge or related trading position. 
Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after (i) the Event 
Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the 
day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-

--- Page 672 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
640 
 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or (iii) 
the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the applicable date referred 
to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination 
Date does not occur pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the day on which the DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or 
sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination 
Date" or (iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date 
where Fallback Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business 
Days is not specified, 5 Business Days following the applicable date referred to 
in (i), (ii) or (iii) above); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 5 
Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market 
Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five 
Valuation Dates). 
(c) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Valuation Method means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or 
Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
where: 
(i) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date;  
(iii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date;

--- Page 673 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
641 
 
(iv) 
Lowest means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any Valuation 
Date; and 
(v) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than 
two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may 
be. 
Valuation Obligation means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
each Settled Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix.

--- Page 674 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
642 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
The following are the conditions (the Index Skew Conditions) that will apply to the Notes if the 
applicable Issue Terms provide that "Index Skew Notes" are applicable (the Index Skew Notes). These 
Index Skew Conditions apply as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified 
and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any 
inconsistency between these Index Skew Conditions and the General Conditions, these Index Skew 
Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and 
italicised shall not form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Index Skew Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Definitions are 
incorporated into and will apply to these Index Skew Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Index Skew Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions applicable to the Index 
Skew Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these 
Index Skew Conditions to "Index Skew Notes" are to the Index Skew Notes, as the case may be, of one 
Series only, not to all Index Skew Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Index Skew Conditions to an Index Skew Condition are 
to the corresponding provision of these Index Skew Conditions. 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Skew Notes are Notes pursuant to which the Issuer is deemed to have hypothetically 
entered into two separate Hypothetical Skew Transactions (together referred to as an Index 
Skew Position) under which the Issuer is a buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, such that following the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Issuer's exposure under both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions taken together offset each other. As a result, the payments 
required to be made by or to the Issuer under such Hypothetical Skew Transactions are intended 
to be zero due to the application of payment netting. 
However, if the Hypothetical Skew Transactions were to terminate early due to an early 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes, a termination payment would be determined in respect of 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and this may result in an amount being payable either to 
or by the Issuer. Such amount, less any unwind costs, will be reflected in the amount payable to 
Securityholders upon the early redemption of the Index Skew Notes.  
(b) 
Accrual of Interest  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that interest is payable in respect of Index Skew Notes, 
then interest shall accrue on the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount in 
accordance with General Condition 5 (Interest) from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date; and (b) 
an Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Skew Notes being redeemed in full, and payment of the relevant interest amount shall be 
made on such date. The occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions shall not result in a writedown 
of the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue and be payable on the Index 
Skew Notes as above regardless of the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect 
of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions. No interest 
shall accrue on any Index Skew Note on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption on the Maturity Date

--- Page 675 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
643 
 
Unless the Index Skew Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled 
by the Issuer, each Outstanding Index Skew Note shall be redeemed in accordance with General 
Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption or Termination).  
(d) 
Early Redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of any 
of the events set out in General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and 
Redemption for Illegality), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), 
General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or General Condition 11 (Events 
of Default); the Issuer will redeem each Outstanding Index Skew Note in full by payment of the 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, in accordance with the General Conditions.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the 
Reference Entities referenced by each Hypothetical Skew Transaction will not result in the 
early redemption of the Index Skew Notes and no actual amounts will be payable to the 
Securityholders under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes. In such circumstance, 
the payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due 
to the application of payment netting.  
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position 
(a) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer is deemed to have entered into an Index Skew Position with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
An "Index Skew Position" will be constituted by the following Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions: 
(i) 
a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(ii) 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
provided that the Issuer shall be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
(c) 
In each Index Skew Position, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical 
Single Name Set will be referred to as "related" or "corresponding" to each other, and the 
relevant Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical Single Name 
Transactions will be the "constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions" in respect of such 
Index Skew Position.  
(d) 
In order to preserve the equal and opposite effect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction, save 
in the case of any calculation relating to the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, any 
determination or action taken by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under any Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction shall be deemed to be a determination or action taken under the other 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction and where relevant, in equal amounts. 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements 
(a) 
No Initial Payment Amount will be made by the Issuer or the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
on the Issue Date. 
(b) 
The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
(where applicable) in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date and related Fixed 
Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) with respect to 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction will be equal and opposite, and therefore no net amount in respect thereof would be 
hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa under 
or in connection with the Index Skew Notes as a result thereof due to the application of payment 
netting.

--- Page 676 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
644 
 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
Notwithstanding the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, an Event Determination Date 
will only occur in relation to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction where a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event Announcement is made in 
relation to any Reference Entity under the constituent Hypothetical Swap Transaction. 
5. 
Cash Settlement 
Where "Fallback Settlement" applies, for the purposes of calculating any Hypothetical Swap 
Transaction Value, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) apply Cash 
Settlement to determine the Final Price for the relevant component of the Index Untranched 
Transaction and the corresponding Single Name Transaction referencing the same Reference 
Entity. In such circumstances, the Cash Settlement Amount relating to the relevant component 
of the Index Untranched Transaction and the corresponding Single Name Transaction 
referencing the same Reference Entity shall be determined on the basis of the same quotation 
resulting in the same Final Price. 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
Section 11.4 (Merger of Reference Entity and Seller) of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions will not apply to any Hypothetical Skew Transaction.  
7. 
Deemed M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity referenced 
by the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction shall not be able to deliver multiple Credit Event Notices 
with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring but instead the Calculation Agent will be deemed to 
have delivered to the Issuer (and, in turn, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered to the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty) a single Credit Event Notice for the total Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Reference Entity (and not a portion thereof) with respect 
to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and such amount shall be deemed to be the Exercise 
Amount.  
8. 
Successors 
(a) 
Following a succession, if more than one Successor has been identified in relation to any 
Reference Entity under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction pursuant to Section 2.2 (Provisions 
for Determining a Successor) of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, each such Successor will be 
a Reference Entity (a Successor Reference Entity) for the purposes of the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions referencing such Reference Entity (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the original Reference Entity shall cease to be a Reference Entity except where it is a 
Successor Reference Entity). 
(b) 
In the case where the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not identify any 
Successor in relation to any Reference Entity under a relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction and the Index Sponsor identifies one or more Successors in relation to any 
Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of 
such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity.  
(c) 
Where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity after such Succession Date, the 
Index Skew Notes will not be redeemed (in whole or in part) and will continue to remain 
Outstanding in an amount equal to the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(disregarding the effect of a succession) and interest shall continue to accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Interest) of the General Conditions. 
9. 
Reference Obligations 
Where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index

--- Page 677 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
645 
 
Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Reference Obligation will also be deemed to 
apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction. Where a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation applies to the constituent Index Skew Transactions, the same Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will apply with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction in 
the related Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
10. 
Changes in determination 
If any matter to be determined by a party hereunder has also been determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee then such party may, in its sole discretion, make 
its determination or change any determination previously made by it so as to be consistent with 
the relevant determination of such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, provided that 
any such determination or change in determination shall be applied equally to the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic effect under each such 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex 
If there are deemed changes to the Index Annex with respect to the Eligible Index, the same 
changes shall be applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to 
achieve the same economic effect under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption 
If the Issuer exercises its option to early redeem the Index Skew Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), then notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Conditions, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount.  
13. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Index Skew Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Index Skew Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Index Skew 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
2014 ISDA Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including pursuant to the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement). 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable. 
Eligible Index means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, any credit 
index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Skew Note, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to a minimum of zero) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to such Index Skew Note's pro rata share of: 
(a) 
the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(b) 
accrued, but unpaid, interest on such Index Skew Notes to (but excluding) the Early 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable; plus 
(c) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value (where it is positive); minus 
(d) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value (where it is negative); minus

--- Page 678 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
646 
 
(e) 
unwind costs, if any, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount means, in respect of Index Skew 
Notes, on any day, an amount equal to the original aggregate nominal amount of such Index 
Skew Notes, as adjusted for any partial redemptions, amortisations, cancellations or further 
issues of the Index Skew Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the Issue 
Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction General Terms" as specified 
in the  Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction means a hypothetical index untranched credit 
derivative transaction under which the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer 
is the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) or the 
seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the 
corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Index; 
(b) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(c) 
has an Original Notional Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
Termination Currency is the Settlement Currency of the Index Skew Notes; 
(b) 
the governing law is English law; and  
(c) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the "Calculation Agent". 
Hypothetical Single Name Set means a set of Hypothetical Single Name Transactions. 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Single Name Transaction that: 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the Issue 
Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms" as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction means a hypothetical single name credit derivative 
transaction under which the Issuer is either the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is 
the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched

--- Page 679 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
647 
 
Transaction) or the seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection 
under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) that: 
(a) 
references one of the Reference Entities and related Reference Obligations contained in 
the Eligible Index referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and specified as one of the Reference Entities in the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Swap Confirmation; 
(b) 
in aggregate, together with other constituent Hypothetical Single Name Transactions in 
the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Set, offset the exposure of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction;  
(c) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(d) 
has a Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation means the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap 
Confirmation and the Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation, each of which will be 
deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction means, at any time, the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction within the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set, to the extent outstanding at such time. Each outstanding Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction will be deemed to constitute a Transaction under and for the purposes of the 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as long as it is outstanding (and shall be the only 
Transactions under the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement).  
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market, accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citibank, N.A. (or one of its branches), 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such other entity as specified in the Issue Terms.  
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value means an amount (which may be positive or negative), 
denominated in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as of the date 
of the event triggering early redemption of the Index Skew Notes pursuant to General Condition 
6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) or General Condition 11 (Events of Default), equal to the amount which 
would hypothetically be payable in connection with Section 6(e) (Payments on Early 
Termination) of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement as if: 
(a) 
an Additional Termination Event had occurred in respect of which the Issuer is the sole 
Affected Party and all Transactions are Affected Transactions;  
(b) 
an Early Termination Date has been validly designated in connection with such 
Additional Termination Event; and  
(c) 
there were no Unpaid Amounts as of such Early Redemption Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value will be expressed as (x) a positive number if it would 
be hypothetically payable by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and (y) a 
negative number if it would hypothetically be payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty. The terms "Additional Termination Event", "Affected Party", "Affected 
Transactions", "Early Termination Date", "Transactions" and "Unpaid Amounts" will have the 
meaning given to them in the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement.   
Index Skew Position has the meaning given to it in Index Skew Condition 2 (Entry into an 
Index Skew Position). 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Index Skew Notes, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 680 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
648 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Index Skew 
Notes.

--- Page 681 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
649 
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
This Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Securities. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections, conversions (actual or notional) or calculations 
made or decided on in relation to matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be 
determined, considered, elected, selected, converted or calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Each defined term used in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or in the applicable Issue Terms may 
be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or letter 
suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted 
as "n", "t" or "i". Each suffix may denote that the relevant term relates to a specific Underlying, item, 
amount, date, or other variable associated with that suffix in order to differentiate such term for each 
identical term which has a different suffix, but will not otherwise amend the meaning of such term. 
For example, an Interest Payment Date may appear as "Interest Payment Date 1" or "Interest Payment 
Date 2" and so on for each Interest Payment Date, or "Interest Payment Date n" (where n=1, 2…and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Interest Barrier Level 1" and "Interest Barrier Event 1" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
1, "Interest Barrier Level 2" and "Interest Barrier Event 2" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
2, and so on. Similarly, by way of further example, a Mandatory Early Redemption Date may appear as 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1" or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2" and so on for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date n" (where n=1, 2….and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 1" and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 1" could 
each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1, "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 2" 
and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 2" could each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2, 
and so on. The foregoing are examples only: other defined terms set out below and in the Issue terms 
may also be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or 
letter suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the relevant Security is in the form of a Note, each reference to a Security in this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule shall be construed as a reference to a Note representing a principal amount equal to 
the Calculation Amount for purposes of all calculations and determinations hereunder (save unless 
explicitly provided otherwise). Correspondingly, in such case, each reference in the Issue Terms to "per 
Security" shall be construed as a reference to a "Note representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount". 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions 
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions relating to interest 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Range Accrual Determination Date means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Business Day or calendar day.  
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date means:  
(A) 
where the Securities are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
date or dates specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to 
be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Barrier Observation Date"; 
or

--- Page 682 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
650 
 
(B) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Period, each Range 
Accrual Determination Date falling from (and including) the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling the Cut-Off Number 
of Business Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period (the Accrual 
Cut-Off Date) and in respect of each Range Accrual Determination Date 
falling from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and including) 
the last day of such Interest Period, the Accrual Cut-Off Date shall be a 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date for such day. Each such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and: 
(1) 
where Range Accrual Value What You Can Observation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if, in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying, any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying or is a Disrupted 
Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying, then such date shall be 
the immediately preceding Range Accrual Determination Date that 
is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying 
and is not a Disrupted Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Barrier 
Observation Date". For the avoidance of doubt, an Interest Barrier 
Observation Date may be the Interest Barrier Observation Date for 
more than one Range Accrual Determination Date; or 
(2) 
where Range Accrual Move In Block Observation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest Barrier Underlying(s) or is 
a Disrupted Day for any Interest Barrier Underlying, then such date 
shall be the immediately preceding Range Accrual Determination 
Date that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) and is not a Disrupted Day for any Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s), and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest 
Barrier Observation Date". For the avoidance of doubt, an 
Interest Barrier Observation Date may be the Interest Barrier 
Observation Date for more than one Range Accrual Determination 
Date. 
Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, 
each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Initial Floor Strike Date". 
Specified Interest Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Strike Date". 
Specified Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, each date designated as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, an "Interest Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Interest Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and levels of the Interest Underlying(s) 
A means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent.

--- Page 683 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
651 
 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
B means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
Best Oasis Performer means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings 
are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Oasis Interim Percentage for such Interest Payment Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Interest Underlying which has one of the X highest Oasis 
Interim Percentages, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each 
of the Interest Underlyings in order of their Oasis Interim Percentage in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date from highest to lowest, where (i) the 
Interest Underlying with the highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be 
"Oasis Best Performer 1", (ii) the Interest Underlying with the second 
highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer 2", and 
so on until (iii) the Interest Underlying with the X highest Oasis Interim 
Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer X", 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Underlyings have an equal Oasis 
Percentage in respect of such Interest Payment Date, the highest of such Interest 
Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX for such 
Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX for such 
Interest Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(a) (Definitions relating to 
interest), where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the Interest

--- Page 684 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
652 
 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page (as defined 
in Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions) below)) of which is expressed 
or determined to be in a currency other than the Specified Currency, (being in the 
case of Dual Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant 
Currency), either: (i) where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the rate specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at 
the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Relevant Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the 
Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency 
can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) 
and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) if Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at the Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose 
of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
FX Performance means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐹𝑋 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝐹𝑋 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified Interest Valuation Date relating to that 
Interest Payment Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last

--- Page 685 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
653 
 
occurring Specified Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest 
Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate 
B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified above it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified Interest Strike Date relating to that Interest 
Payment Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last 
occurring Specified Interest Strike Date relating to that Interest Payment 
Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such

--- Page 686 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
654 
 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (all rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated 
Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date" and "Initial FX Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of 
the Interest Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interest Initial Floor Level means, in respect of an Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or each Interest 
Underlying, the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage. 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage means, in respect of an Interest Initial Floor 
Strike Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or each Interest 
Underlying, the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interest Initial Level means, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Valuation Dates, Interest Barrier Observation Date or, as the case may be, Interest 
Barrier Observation Dates, and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or 
each Interest Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Interest Strike Date", the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as converted 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Strike Date;

--- Page 687 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
655 
 
(B) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IPD", (i) the Interest 
Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date and 
the related Interest Valuation Date(s) or, if none, (ii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Strike 
Date; 
(C) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IVD", (i) the Interest 
Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest Valuation Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, (ii) if none, the Interest 
Reference Level for the last occurring Interest Valuation Date relating to 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, or (iii) if there has been 
no such Interest Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for the 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as converted by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for such Interest Valuation Date or Interest 
Strike Date, as the case may be; 
(D) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(F) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest 
Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the relevant 
FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(H) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(I) 
a level specified as such for the Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Interest Initial Floor" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Initial Level shall be subject to a minimum 
level equal to the Interest Initial Floor Level.

--- Page 688 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
656 
 
Interest Period Final Reference Level means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Reference Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the last occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Initial Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the first occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Strike Level means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Period Strike Level specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, be such Interest Underlying's Interest Period Initial 
Reference Level. 
Interest Reference Level means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date 
or, as the case may be, Interest Valuation Dates, the related Interest Payment Date 
and the or each Interest Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Interest Valuation Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Date, 
as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Interest 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in 
each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying 
on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 689 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
657 
 
Interest Strike Level means, in respect of an Interest Underlying, the Interest 
Strike Level specified for such Interest Underlying in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be such Interest Underlying's Interest Initial Level.  
Interest Underlying means the or each Underlying (as defined in Condition 2(n) 
(Definitions) below) specified as an Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Interim Performance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 690 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
658 
 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim

--- Page 691 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
659 
 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event

--- Page 692 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
660 
 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance

--- Page 693 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
661 
 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula: 
[𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐴−𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐵] × 100 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in

--- Page 694 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
662 
 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interim Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:

--- Page 695 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
663 
 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, each of the Interim Outperformance A Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying:

--- Page 696 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
664 
 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
Outperf B means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the

--- Page 697 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
665 
 
Outperformance B Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal 
and determined by reference to the following formula, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar);

--- Page 698 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
666 
 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interim Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is

--- Page 699 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
667 
 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions for Interim Outperformance B Underlying, 
each of the Interim Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and

--- Page 700 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
668 
 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(E) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
∑1
𝑛× Underlying Return
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a

--- Page 701 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
669 
 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as 
a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple IVD 
Interim Performance Percentage for the relevant Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Valuation Dates in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER 
THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and

--- Page 702 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
670 
 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by

--- Page 703 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
671 
 
reference to the following formulae, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the Cliquet 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∑
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴; 𝑜𝑟
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the 
Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∏
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴; 𝑜𝑟
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is specified as 
the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒− (∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) − (∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is specified 
as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒−(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) −(∏
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Sum" is specified as 
the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; 𝑜𝑟 
VIII. if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒); 𝑜𝑟 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Product" is specified 
as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; 𝑜𝑟

--- Page 704 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
672 
 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒), 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the

--- Page 705 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
673 
 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);  
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor is specified to apply to such Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage 
shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise apply as 
a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above or (6) below; and 
(6) 
if (x) a Cliquet Interim Performance Floor is specified as "Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interim Performance for such Interest Valuation Date will be 
subject to a minimum percentage (floor) (if any) determined as the 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor, or (y) a Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor is specified as "Global Lock-in Floor" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger has been 
satisfied in respect of any Interest Valuation Date, the Interim 
Performance for such Interest Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
WHERE: 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest Valuation Date(s) 
in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period with the Uth 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
ranking each of the Interest Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet 
Interim Decimals from highest to lowest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation 
Date with the highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, 
(ii) the Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Interest 
Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the lowest 
ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest Valuation 
Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor means a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent as being the product of (A) an amount determined 
as being the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer (if any), that is: 
(a) 
greater than,  
(b) 
greater than or equal to,

--- Page 706 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
674 
 
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than, (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of Cliquet Performance Floor): 
the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum determined in respect of each 
Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest Payment Date and (B) if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Interim Performance 
Sum Multiple, otherwise 100%,  
PROVIDED THAT, if the relevant requirements in respect of any Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be no Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum means, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest Valuation Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date occurring prior to (and 
including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer means as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive integer", 
"the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) integer". For which 
purpose, an integer shall be any whole number (including negative whole 
numbers and zero) and a positive integer shall be any whole number 
greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, where the relevant Cliquet Interim 
Performance Sum is not a whole number, the relevant integer shall be the 
nearest integer thereto, with any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being 
rounded up. 
Cliquet Underlying Return means, in respect of the Interest Underlying 
and the Interest Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, an amount expressed as a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formulae (the Cliquet Interim Decimal), where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A", "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet C" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute" "Cliquet B Absolute" or "Cliquet C 
Absolute" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
(1) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B Highest" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return for the or each, as the case may be, Best Cliquet B Interest 
Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B Highest Return 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(2) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B Lowest" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return for the or each, as the case may be, Worst Cliquet B Interest 
Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return

--- Page 707 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
675 
 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(3) 
if "Cliquet C" or "Cliquet C Absolute" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect 
of any Interest Valuation Date or any preceding Interest Valuation 
Date in the relevant Interest Period in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute, as applicable) the Cliquet C Interest Target specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return for such 
Interest Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet C Lock-in 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(I) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Cap is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Cap, the Cliquet Interim Decimal for such Interest 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Cap; and 
(II) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Floor is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date is less than such Cliquet Underlying Return 
Cap, the Cliquet Interim Decimal for such Interest Valuation Date 
will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Floor. 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger means that, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Sum for such Interest 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) 
less than or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger) the 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Global Lock-in Sum means, in respect of an Interest Valuation 
Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest 
Valuation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date occurring 
prior to (and including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Period Performance means either Period Performance 1, Period 
Performance 2 or Period Performance 3, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Period Performance and a Minimum Period Performance is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Period Performance 1 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant

--- Page 708 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
676 
 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Period Performance 2 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying:  
𝐵−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Period Performance 3 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐵× 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
U means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the 
purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Dates 
or the Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of 
each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest 
Valuation Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period with the Uth lowest Cliquet Interim Decimals, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Interest 
Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Interim Decimals from 
lowest to highest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation Date with the 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal 
will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates 
have an equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest 
Valuation Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) or IPU means, subject to sub-
paragraph (G) of the definition of Interest Barrier Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean 
Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
of the Interest Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest

--- Page 709 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
677 
 
Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent PROVIDED THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – 
European Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may 
not be the Interim Performance Underlying if such Interest 
Underlying was the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of 
any preceding Interest Payment Date and any such Interest 
Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the 
purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are 
equal Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
PROVIDED THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – European 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Interest Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying if such Interest Underlying was 
the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding 
Interest Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying will be 
deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of 
determining the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (i) in respect of Outperf A, all of the Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying(s) and (ii) in respect of Outperf B, 
all of the Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s);  
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Best of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date in respect 
of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with the 
highest (which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal highest, be 
determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple 
IVD Interim Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation 
Date, PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest 
Valuation Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Valuation Date for the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such 
Interest Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying 
for the purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying 
in respect of such Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as

--- Page 710 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
678 
 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date 
in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with 
the lowest (which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal lowest, be 
determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple 
IVD Interim Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation 
Date, PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest 
Valuation Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Valuation Date for the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such 
Interest Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying 
for the purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying 
in respect of such Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage means, in respect of an 
Interest Valuation Date and an Interest Underlying, a percentage, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑖𝑛 𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑡 𝑜𝑓 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
n means the number of Interest Underlyings specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
t means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the number of Interest 
Valuation Dates specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Return means, in respect of each Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, either: 
(i) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Single Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Multiple Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying:

--- Page 711 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
679 
 
∑1
𝑡𝑥𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula (the Single Target Percentage), where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if a Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal to or 
greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Interest Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying 
Return will be the Single Target Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
if "Single Target (Barrier)" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Required" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return will be a 
percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, or (ii) if 
"Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target 
Underlying Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
Percentage; or 
(iv) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined in accordance with the following formula (the 
Oasis Interim Percentage), where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for the Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not

--- Page 712 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
680 
 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above; or 
(2) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect 
of Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for each Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Performer and not 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return and a Minimum 
Underlying is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Underlying Return is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
Wn means 
(A) 
in respect of an Interest Underlying and an Interest Payment 
Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a 
percentage weighting for such Interest Underlying 
depending on such Interest Underlying's performance 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Interest 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interest Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of 
Interim Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned 
in accordance with the rankings set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn 
will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
shall first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the

--- Page 713 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
681 
 
definition of Outperf A and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn 
will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
shall first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the 
definition of Outperf B and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two 
or more Interest Underlyings, Interim Outperformance A 
Underlyings or Interim Outperformance B Underlyings have an 
equal Interim Performance, their ranking shall be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
X means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying 
Return. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether interest is due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
An "Interest Barrier Event" will occur in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
each related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) below, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, if: 
(A) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event European Observation", in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum 
of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s), satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on the 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event European Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Interim Performance of the 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Closing Level", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing 
Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event

--- Page 714 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
682 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels 
of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier 
Level on each Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) 
if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Levels of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in 
respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum 
of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier 
Observation Date;  
(F) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest 
Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Interim Performance or (ii) 
if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Interim Performances of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Interest Payment Date and each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant 
Interest Barrier Level and, as the Interim Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Interest Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Interim Performance to "Interest 
Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date" shall be construed 
to be to the "Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Interest 
Underlying for the relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date 
converted at the FX on such Interest Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Interim Performance being calculated "in respect of an 
Interest Payment Date" or "for an Interest Payment Date" shall be 
construed to be to "in respect of or, as the case may be, for an 
Interest Payment Date and the relevant Interest Barrier Observation 
Date"; and 
III. 
the Interim Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date; and/or  
(H) 
where "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation Agent an 
Interest Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of any prior Interest 
Payment Date. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing Level, 
Interim Performance or Underlying Level, as the case may be, are in the case of

--- Page 715 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
683 
 
(i) below in the definition of Interest Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or 
equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to the relevant Interest Barrier Event, the relevant Interest 
Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of Interest Barrier 
Level, are neither less than the relevant Lower Interest Barrier Level nor greater 
than the relevant Upper Interest Barrier Level, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and, in each case, where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Multi-Chance Securities, an Interest Barrier Event 
shall be determined in respect of each Interest Barrier Underlying separately (as 
the Interest Amount due on the relevant Interest Payment Date is dependent on 
the number of Interest Barrier Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event 
occurs). 
Where: 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) means the Interest Underlying(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Interest Barrier Level means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and an 
Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Barrier Level is specified, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Barrier Level and one as an Upper Interest 
Barrier Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the Interest Barrier Level 
shall mean any level that is greater than or greater than (or equal to) such Lower 
Interest Barrier Level and less than or less than (or equal to) such Upper Interest 
Barrier Level. 
Interest Lock-in Event means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) above, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, that an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
and on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Barrier Observation Date(s), as the 
case may be, on which the Interest Barrier Level was, as the case may be, or were 
satisfied the relevant Underlying Level, Underlying Closing Level or Interim 
Performance, as the case may be, used to determine the satisfaction of the Interest 
Barrier Level in respect of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) also satisfied the 
Interest Lock-in Level. For such purpose, "satisfy" shall be construed as set out 
in the definition of Interest Barrier Event above. 
Interest Lock-in Level means in respect of an Interest Payment Date and an 
Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Lock-in Level is specified, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Lock-in Level and one as an Upper Interest 
Lock-in Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the Interest Lock-in Level 
shall mean any level that is greater than (or equal to) such Lower Interest Lock-
in Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper Interest Lock-in Level.

--- Page 716 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
684 
 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the amount of interest due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Amount means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities (other than Fixed Rate Securities that are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lookback Securities, Multi-Chance 
Securities or Range Accrual Securities), Floating Rate Securities, CMS 
Rate Securities, Spread Securities or Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities, the amount (if any) determined as provided in Condition 4 
below and in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback Securities, and where interest is 
due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the amount in respect of each Security specified 
as the "Interest Amount" for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms plus (ii) the sum of the amounts specified 
as the "Interest Amount" (if any) in respect of all of the Interest Payment 
Dates (if any) falling prior to such Interest Payment Date (x) on which an 
Interest Barrier Event did not occur and, therefore, such Interest 
Amount(s) was not paid on such prior Interest Payment Date and (y) which 
have not already been accounted for as described in this part (ii) on any 
prior Interest Payment Date, provided that the Securities may be expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback 
Securities in respect of one or more specified Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of one or more specified Interest Payment Dates only, provided 
further that where more than one Interest Barrier Observation Dates are 
specified in respect of a relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms and where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level" or "Interest Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level" and (a) where "Memory Effect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Amount 
shall be the amount in respect of each Security specified as the "Interest 
Amount" in respect of the most recent related Interest Barrier Observation 
Date for which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred in the Table set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or (b) where "Without Memory Effect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Amount 
shall be the sum of the amounts specified as the "Interest Amount" in 
respect of all of the related Interest Barrier Observation Dates (if any), 
(falling prior to such Interest Payment Date) for which an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Multi-Chance Securities, and where interest 
is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount in respect of each Security specified 
as the "Interest Amount" for the number of Interest Barrier Underlying(s) 
for which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as the 
Interest Amount due shall depend on the number of Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event occurs); 
(D) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Range Accrual Securities, the amount (if 
any) determined as provided in Condition 4 below and in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which shall specify that the applicable Day Count Fraction 
shall be multiplied by the applicable Accrual Rate. The applicable Accrual 
Rate in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Payment Date

--- Page 717 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
685 
 
shall be an amount expressed as a decimal determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑒𝑑 
Where: 
Days Accrued means the number of Interest Barrier Observation Dates in 
such Interest Period on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs. 
Days Observed means the number of Range Accrual Determination Dates 
in such Interest Period. 
(E) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Inflation Rate Securities, and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in the Table set 
out in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× ([ 𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟−𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡] + 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝐷𝐶𝐹;  or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in the Table set out 
in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× ([ 𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐷𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟−𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡] + 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝐷𝐶𝐹× 𝐼𝑃𝑅 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I and II above, if (x) a 
Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount 
is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest 
Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar), 
where: 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 4 below) 
and, for which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date 
shall be as defined in Condition 4 below. 
Interest Amount Inflation Index means any Underlying which is an 
Inflation Index and is designated as the Interest Amount Inflation Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Margin means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a 
"+" (plus) or a "-" minus sign. 
UCL Adjustment means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount (which may be positive, negative or zero) specified as such for 
such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 718 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
686 
 
UCL Numerator means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on (i) the 
date falling the number of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) such other 
date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date 
for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the 
Conditions.  
UCL Denominator means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on (i) the 
date falling the number of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which shall 
be the month falling 12 months prior to the UCL Numerator or (ii) such 
other date specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided 
in, the Conditions; 
(F) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Interim Performance Interest Securities and where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in respect of each Security determined 
by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑠; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or

--- Page 719 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
687 
 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation Rate and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒
+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar); 
(G) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Twin Win Interim Performance 
Interest Securities and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, any 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate or an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or

--- Page 720 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
688 
 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +
 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar);  
(H) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Reverse Interim Performance 
Interest Securities and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, any 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)); or

--- Page 721 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
689 
 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅); or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar).

--- Page 722 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
690 
 
Where Target Mandatory Early Redemption (Capped) Provisions is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the relevant 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A), 
(B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, but such Interest 
Amount so determined shall be subject to a maximum amount (a cap). 
Such cap shall be an amount determined to be the Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
less (1) the sum of all the Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in respect of a 
Security for all the Interest Payment Date(s) (if any) falling prior to such 
Interest Payment Date and (2) where "Include Any Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the sum of all the Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in 
respect of a Security for all the Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date(s) 
(if any) falling prior to such Interest Payment Date; 
(I) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Buy the Dip Securities and where 
interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in respect of each Security 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙 –  𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑣𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝐶𝑎𝑠ℎ 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑎𝑙) 
Where: 
Current Cash Accrual shall have the meaning given to it in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 (Buy the Dip Securities). 
Previous Cash Accrual shall have the meaning given to it in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 (Buy the Dip Securities). 
Interest Adjustment means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount (which may be either positive or negative) specified in the 
applicable Table under the heading Interest Adjustment in the applicable 
Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if "Barrier Event Applicable" is specified 
in the Table in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interest 
Adjustment, the Interest Adjustment will be the Barrier Event Satisfied 
Interest Adjustment if a Barrier Event has occurred or the Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied Interest Adjustment, if a Barrier Event has not occurred. 
Interest Participation Rate or IPR means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Valuation Date in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under 
the heading "IPR" in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Z means the percentage specified in the Table in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the relevant Interest Underlying; and 
(J) 
where "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, all Interest Amounts 
accrued and calculated in respect of each Interest Period during the term of the 
Securities shall be aggregated and shall not be paid until the Maturity Date. For 
the avoidance of doubt, no additional interest shall accrue in respect of Interest 
Amounts accrued and calculated in respect of prior Interest Periods. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption 
(i) 
Dates 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment Date or MER Coupon 
Payment Date means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each 
date specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 723 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
691 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date or MER Date means each date specified 
as such in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date means in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event), each date or dates specified as such for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event) in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be an "Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date or 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date means in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event), each date or dates specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date" or a "MER Barrier 
Observation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date or Specified 
MER Initial Floor Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed 
to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date" or a "MER Initial Floor Strike Date". 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date or Specified MER Strike 
Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or dates specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date" or a "MER 
Strike Date". 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date or Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date means, in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s), the 
performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) and levels 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s)

--- Page 724 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
692 
 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Page means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the 
time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(b), where FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page 
(as defined in Condition 2 below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at 
the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Relevant Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the 
Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency 
can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) 
and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such MER 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) if Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at the Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose

--- Page 725 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
693 
 
of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
FX Performance means, in respect of a MER Date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in accordance with the following formula:  
FX Perf Final
FX Perf Initial 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that MER 
Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last occurring 
Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (all rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf

--- Page 726 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
694 
 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified above it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date 
(or, if more than one such date is specified, the last occurring Specified 
MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate 
B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate.

--- Page 727 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
695 
 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated Time", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Level or MER Initial Floor Level 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Initial Floor Percentage. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor Percentage or MER Initial Floor 
Percentage means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level or MER Initial Level means, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if 
any) for the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on MER Re-strike Date", the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the immediately preceding MER Date or, if none, the 
Underlying Closing Level for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as converted 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the arithmetic average of the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early

--- Page 728 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
696 
 
Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level 
of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level 
of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "MER Initial Floor" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level shall be 
subject to a minimum level equal to the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Level. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions, the or each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions, the or each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or MER Performance means, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified

--- Page 729 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
697 
 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar);

--- Page 730 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
698 
 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
∑wn  × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and

--- Page 731 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
699 
 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 732 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
700 
 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level

--- Page 733 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
701 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount

--- Page 734 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
702 
 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑wn × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is

--- Page 735 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
703 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
 if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a

--- Page 736 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
704 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Outperf B means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Outperformance B 
Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum

--- Page 737 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
705 
 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑wn × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 738 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
706 
 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then

--- Page 739 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
707 
 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) or MERPU 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, subject as provided in 
sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which 
shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlyings are equal Nth 
highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment)

--- Page 740 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
708 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which 
shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlyings are equal Nth 
lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying(s).  
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level or MER Reference Level 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date or, as the 
case may be, Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the related 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the or each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the arithmetic average of 
the Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or equal highest)

--- Page 741 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
709 
 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or equal highest) 
Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Wn means 
(A) 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying depending on such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
"Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying shall first be calculated as provided in 
paragraph (C) of the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with 
the rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
depending 
on 
such 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
A and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying, 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage weighting

--- Page 742 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
710 
 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
depending 
on 
such 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
B and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlyings 
or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance, their ranking shall be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level or MER Strike Level means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Level specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying's Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) or MER Underlying(s) means, 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions, the or each Underlying 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and therefore that the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount will be due on the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date 
An "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, if: 
(A) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event European Observation", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level on the Early Exit MER Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(B) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation 
– Closing Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on each Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date;  
(C) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation 
– Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on each Early Exit MER Barrier 
Observation Date;

--- Page 743 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
711 
 
(D) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on any 
Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date; or  
(E) 
where the Early Exit MER Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Level of the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Early Exit MER Barrier Level on any Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or each related MER Barrier Observation 
Date in the case of (G) below, if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Observation" and:  
(1) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(2) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and where (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as all of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) satisfy or have satisfied the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date(s) 
in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
falling on or prior to such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be satisfied on 
the same or different Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date(s) or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s) in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s));  
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event

--- Page 744 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
712 
 
European Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date;  
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Closing Level" and: 
(1) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(2) 
where "Autocall Memory Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and where (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) is specified as all of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or  
(b) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Underlying Closing Level of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) satisfy or have satisfied the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date(s) 
in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
falling on or prior to such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be satisfied on 
the same or different Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date(s) or Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 745 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
713 
 
Date(s) in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s)); 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and, as the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance shall be calculated in respect of each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance to "Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be construed to be 
to the "Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Mandatory Early Redemption Performance being 
calculated "in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date" or 
"for a Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be construed to be 
to "in respect of or, as the case may be, for a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Observation Date"; 
III. 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (if 
any) shall be determined in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or 
(H) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Target Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event", in the determination of the Calculation Agent and in respect of the 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date: 
(1) 
the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in respect of all 
of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest Payment 
Date or such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date; 
(2) 
and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the aggregate Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) paid in respect 
of all of the Non-Contingent Interest Payment Dates falling prior to 
such Interest Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(3) 
where:

--- Page 746 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
714 
 
(a) 
"Include Any Interest Amount Due On Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date " is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and any Interest Amount due on such Interest 
Payment Date (and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, any Non-Contingent Interest Amount due on 
such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
"Exclude Any Interest Amount Due On Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date " is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, but excluding any Interest Amount due on such 
Interest Payment Date and excluding any Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount due on such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date, 
is equal to or greater than the Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
provided that where "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event will occur in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date if either (1) any such event in paragraph (A), 
(B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, occurs in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or (2) an Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
occurs in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event European Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date satisfy the MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event European Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage on the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date. 
As used in (A) and (B) above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying 
Closing Level, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Underlying Level, 
as the case may be, are in the case of (i) below in the definition of Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than 
or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, are neither less than the relevant 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level nor greater than the relevant 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or in the case of the definition of MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage below, are greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less 
than (or equal to), as applicable, the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level. 
Where:

--- Page 747 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
715 
 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) or Early Exit MERBU means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an 
Early Exit MER Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Early Exit MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event):  
(i) 
other than where any Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and Early Exit 
Upper MER Barrier Level are specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event) in respect of such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), 
as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (A) the percentage level 
specified as such for such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable Issue Terms; or  
(ii) 
where any Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and Early Exit Upper 
MER Barrier Level are specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier Event) in 
respect of an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings in the applicable Issue Terms one 
as an Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and one as an Early Exit Upper 
MER Barrier Level for such Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying, that the 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level shall mean any level that is greater than (or 
equal to) such Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level and less than (or equal 
to) such Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level. 
Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event) 
and an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Early Exit 
MER Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
(and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, an Early Exit MER Barrier Event) 
and an Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Early Exit 
MER Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such Early 
Exit MER Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
(and/or, as the case may be, such Early Exit MER Barrier Event) in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Latest Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings (the 
Relevant MERBU(s)): 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the Latest 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest 
Reset MER Barrier Level"; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount

--- Page 748 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
716 
 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of 
the most recently preceding Mandatory Early Redemption Date for which 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset 
MER Barrier Level", and (II) the Performance Product Base Level of the 
Relevant MERBU(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the Latest 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER Reference 
Level, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier 
Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level", of the Relevant MERBU(s). 
Latest Reset MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(Reset MER Floor Level, Latest Preceding MER Level) 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or Lower MER Barrier 
Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the 
case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) or MERBU means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event), the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or MER Barrier Level means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event):  
(i) 
other than where any Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 
and Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level are specified for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, whichever of greater than, greater 
than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (A) the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (B) if "Reset MER Barrier Level" is specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Reset MER Barrier Level in respect of such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, or (C) if "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level" is specified as such for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the

--- Page 749 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
717 
 
applicable Issue Terms, the Latest Reset MER Barrier Level in respect of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date; or  
(ii) 
where any Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and Upper 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level are specified for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level and one as an Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying, that the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level shall mean any level that is 
greater than (or equal to) such Lower Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level. 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying, 
whenever of greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal 
to), as is specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Performance Product Base Level  means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as 
the case may be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the level 
specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Initial Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s). 
Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings (the Relevant 
MERBU(s)): 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the Preceding 
MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of 
the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption Date, and (II) the 
Performance Product Base Level of the Relevant MERBU(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER Reference 
Level in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date of the Relevant MERBU(s). 
Reset MER Underlying(s) means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date (and/or, as the case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event), 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 750 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
718 
 
Reset MER Barrier Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an amount determined 
by reference to the following formula: 
Max(Reset MER Floor Level, Preceding MER Level) 
Reset MER Floor Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may 
be, the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or Upper MER Barrier 
Level means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date (and/or, as the 
case may be, a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage level specified as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date (and/or, as the case may be, such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event) in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount due if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred 
Early Exit MER Amount means, in respect of each Security and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in 
respect of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate nor a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR; or

--- Page 751 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
719 
 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERPR ×  FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined to the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of Relevant Percentage and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
MERPR + MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory

--- Page 752 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
720 
 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
FX Performance +  MERAA; or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance plus the MERAA, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage
+ MER Performance of MERPU) × FX Performance × MERPR
+  MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII above, 
that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified 
in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) 
a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, different Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
and/or in respect of different Mandatory Early Redemption Dates; 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate nor a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation

--- Page 753 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
721 
 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU ×
 MERPR); or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU ×
 FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR ×  FX Performance); or  
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) plus the

--- Page 754 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
722 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR +  MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×
 MER Performance of MERPU) +  FX Performance ×  MERAA; or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
(MERPU) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied 
by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate multiplied 
by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount
+ (Calculation Amount x MER Performance of MERPU) x FX Performance ×  MERPR 
+  MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII above, 
that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified 
in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) 
a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, different Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
and/or in respect of different Mandatory Early Redemption Dates; 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put 
Spread Option and: 
I. 
none of a Global Participation Rate, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Call or a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put are specified in the applicable

--- Page 755 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
723 
 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) + Min (PutCap, Max  
(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but no Global 
Participation Rate, is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be 
(x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the 
Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (MERPerf), multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call (MERPR 
Call)) less the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap 
and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR Put)) plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor,Min(CallCap,MERPerf)) × MERPRCall] –  
[Min(PutCap,Max(PutFloor,100%+MERPerf)) × MERPR Put]] + MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but none of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Rate Call, a Mandatory Early Performance Rate Put 
or a Global Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) 
the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and 
the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date)

--- Page 756 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
724 
 
multiplied by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] ×  FX Performance +  MERAA   
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
IV. 
a Global Participation Rate but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Call or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be 
(x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the 
Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and 
the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
multiplied by the Global Participation Rate (GPR) plus a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))]  ×  GRP + MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
V. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but no 
Global Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Call (MERPR Call)) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Rate Put (MERPR Put)) multiplied by FX Performance plus a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] +
 Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100% + MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put] ×  FX Performance +
 MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or

--- Page 757 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
725 
 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a Global 
Participation Rate (GPR) are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
Call (MERPR Call)) plus the "put spread amount " (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum 
of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR 
Put)) multiplied by the Global Participation Rate plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] 
+  Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put] ×  GPR +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Global Participation Rate (GPR) but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call or Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by 
the GPR plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) 
+  Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf)) ×  FX Performance ×  GPR +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a Global 
Participation Rate (GPR) are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 758 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
726 
 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
Call (MERPR Call)) plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser 
of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 
per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR Put)) 
multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by the GPR plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] 
+ [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put]] ×  FX Performance ×  GPR 
+  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option 
and: 
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, 
expressed as a formula:

--- Page 759 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
727 
 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
; 
or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) + MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR ×
FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) plus a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR + MERAA; 
or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but 
no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance 
plus a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
(MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance +
MERAA; or

--- Page 760 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
728 
 
VIII. FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) and multiplied by 
FX Performance plus a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100%
+ Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
× MERPR + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a floor). 
Where: 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
Call Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Call Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount (if any) in the specified currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the amount (if any) in the specified currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or MERPR means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call or MERPR Call 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put or MERPR Put means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 761 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
729 
 
Min means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or semi-colon or, 
where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Max means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a comma 
or semi-colon or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
MERPerf means, in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the MER Performance of the MER Performance Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date. 
Snowball Accrual Day means each day specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, each calendar day. 
Snowball Accrual Denominator or SA Denominator means the number (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Snowball Accrual Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in respect 
of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [SA Relevant Percentage + (SA Rate × SA Numerator
SA Denominator)] 
Snowball Accrual Numerator or SA Numerator means the number of Snowball 
Accrual Days falling in the Snowball Accrual Period. 
Snowball Accrual Period means the period (if any) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Snowball Accrual Rate or SA Rate means the percentage rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Snowball Accrual Relevant Percentage or SA Relevant Percentage means the 
percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Definitions relating to redemption 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date means the or each date 
designated as such in the applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the or each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Market Timer Redemption 
Strike Date". 
Specified Final Valuation Date means the or each date designated as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and the or each such date, 
as so adjusted, shall be a "Final Valuation Date".  
Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date means each date or dates specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be a "Gemini Event Valuation Date". 
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation Date means each date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed 
to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these

--- Page 762 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
730 
 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Barrier Observation Date". 
Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date means, in respect of an 
Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Initial Floor 
Strike Date". 
Specified Redemption Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Strike Date". 
Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date means each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date". 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date means each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) and levels of the Redemption Underlying(s) 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer means, in respect of an Final Valuation Date: 
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Redemption 
Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Oasis Final Percentage for such Final Valuation 
Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Redemption Underlying which has one of the X highest Oasis 
Final Percentages, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each 
of the Redemption Underlyings in order of their Oasis Final Percentage in 
respect of such Final Valuation Date from highest to lowest, where (i) the 
Redemption Underlying with the highest Oasis Final Percentage will be 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer 1, (ii) the Redemption Underlying with 
the second highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer 2, and so on until (iii) the Redemption Underlying with the X 
highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption Performer 
X, 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Redemption Underlyings have an equal 
Oasis Final Percentage in respect of such Final Valuation Date, the highest of 
such Redemption Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment. 
C means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent.

--- Page 763 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
731 
 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
D means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the FX for 
such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the FX for 
such Redemption Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Performance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms 
and in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a

--- Page 764 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
732 
 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall

--- Page 765 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
733 
 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms and in 
respect of all of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
∑Wn × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum

--- Page 766 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
734 
 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of each of the Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); or 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final

--- Page 767 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
735 
 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100, 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Final Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance A Underlying:

--- Page 768 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
736 
 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 769 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
737 
 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
all of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
∑Wn × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not

--- Page 770 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
738 
 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance A Underlying, 
and each of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the

--- Page 771 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
739 
 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
Outperf B means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Outperformance B Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance B Underlying:  
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is

--- Page 772 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
740 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
all of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
∑Wn  × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified

--- Page 773 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
741 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance B Underlying, 
and each of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar);

--- Page 774 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
742 
 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(E) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" is specified in 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean 
of the Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar),

--- Page 775 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
743 
 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);  
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(F) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified in as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue

--- Page 776 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
744 
 
Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined be reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
∑1
n  × Underlying Return (Final)
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and

--- Page 777 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
745 
 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formulae, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or
t
t=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or
t
t=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) ; or 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) ; or 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C) ; or 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C ) ; or

--- Page 778 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
746 
 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) −Final Period Performance; or 
VIII. if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) − Abs (Final Period Performance); or 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C) −Final Period Performance;or 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C) −Abs (Final Period Performance) 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified

--- Page 779 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
747 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar), and 
(e) 
if (x) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor is specified as "Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) (if any) determined as the Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor, or (y) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor 
is specified as "Global Lock-in Floor" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger has been 
satisfied in respect of any Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Performance for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where: 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date means, in respect of each Specified 
Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation Date(s) in respect of 
such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period with the Uth highest Cliquet 
Final Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of 
the Final Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Final Decimals from 
highest to lowest, where, (i) the Final Valuation Date with the highest 
Cliquet Final Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final Valuation 
Date with the second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the second 
highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with the 
lowest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation Dates 
will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor means a percentage determined as the 
product of (A) an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer (if any) that is: 
(a) 
greater than, 
(b) 
greater than or equal to,  
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor),

--- Page 780 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
748 
 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum determined in respect of each Final 
Valuation Date and (B) if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple or otherwise 100%, 
PROVIDED THAT, if the applicable requirements in respect of any 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be no 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor. 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum means, in respect of a Final Valuation 
Date, the sum of each Cliquet Underlying Return determined in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date occurring prior to (and including) the relevant 
Final Valuation Date. 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer means, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive integer", 
"the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) integer". For which 
purpose, an integer shall be any whole number (including negative whole 
numbers and zero) and a positive integer shall be any whole number 
greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, where the relevant Cliquet Final 
Performance Sum is not a whole number, the relevant integer shall be the 
nearest integer thereto, with any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being 
rounded up. 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) means, in respect of the Redemption 
Underlying and the Final Valuation Date, an amount expressed as a 
decimal calculated in accordance with the following (the Cliquet Final 
Decimal): 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A (Final)", "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet C (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Multiple FVD Final 
Performance Percentage; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute (Final)" "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" or 
"Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
 
Abs (Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage), 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
I. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and (ii) 
"Cliquet B Highest (Final)" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) for the or each, as the 
case may be, Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Highest Return Redemption Decimal specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
II. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and (ii) 
"Cliquet B Lowest (Final)" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) for the or each, as the 
case may be, Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return Redemption Decimal specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
III. 
if "Cliquet C (Final)" or "Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in 
respect of Final Valuation Date or any preceding Final Valuation

--- Page 781 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
749 
 
Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, 
(iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of Cliquet C (Final) or Cliquet C 
Absolute (Final), as applicable) the Cliquet C Redemption Target 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return (Final) for such Final Valuation Date will be deemed to be 
the Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(a) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in respect of 
any Final Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Redemption Cap, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Cap; and 
(b) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in respect of 
any Final Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Redemption Floor, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor. 
Final Period Performance means either Final Period Performance 1, 
Final Period Performance 2 or Final Period Performance 3, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Period 
Performance and a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar). 
Final Period Performance 1 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal equal to the Final Period 
Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance 2 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
D −Final Period Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance 3 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
D × Final Period Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance Percentage means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying, a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level

--- Page 782 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
750 
 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the last occurring Final Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the determination of any Final 
Performance, the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on such Final Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Final Valuation Date. 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger means that, in respect of a 
Final Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Redemption Sum for such Final 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) less than 
or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Redemption Trigger) the Global Lock-
in Redemption Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum means, in respect of a Final Valuation 
Date, the sum of all Cliquet Underlying Returns determined in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date occurring prior to (and including) the relevant 
Final Valuation Date. 
t means, in respect of a Cliquet Underlying Return (Final), the number of 
Final Valuation Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Cliquet Underlying Return Final. 
U means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the 
purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Dates or the 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation Date(s) in 
respect of such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period with the Uth 
lowest Cliquet Final Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
ranking each of the Final Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Final 
Decimals from lowest to highest, where, (i) the Final Valuation Date with 
the highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final 
Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the 
second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with 
the lowest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation Dates 
will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Final Performance Underlying(s) or FPU means either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Redemption 
Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final Performance 
Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;

--- Page 783 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
751 
 
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final Performance 
Underlyings are equal Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Final Outperformance B 
Underlying(s); 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and "Best of 
Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption Underlying with the highest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance 
Percentage on such Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a 
Redemption Underlying may not be the Final Performance Underlying in 
respect of any such Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying 
was the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final 
Valuation Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not 
to be a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and "Worst of 
Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption Underlying with the lowest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal lowest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance 
Percentage on such Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a 
Redemption Underlying may not be the Final Performance Underlying in 
respect of any such Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying 
was the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final 
Valuation Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not 
to be a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Final Reference Level means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Final Valuation Date", the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Date, as 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Final Valuation 
Date; 
(B) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 784 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
752 
 
(C) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(c), where FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page 
(as defined in Condition 2 below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant Currency/Specified 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at the Designated Time 
on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the Relevant Currency (or 
part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency can be exchanged) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) 
if Cross Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at 
the Cross Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select

--- Page 785 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
753 
 
for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each 
relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage means, in respect of a Final 
Valuation Date and a Redemption Underlying, a percentage, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Level for the relevant Final Valuation Date −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
n means the number of Redemption Underlyings specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption Initial Floor Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying, 
the product of (A) the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, as converted by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for the Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date, and (B) the 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage. 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the "Closing Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD", (i) 
the Final Reference Level for the immediately preceding Final Valuation 
Date or, (ii) if there has been no such Final Valuation Date, the Underlying 
Closing Level for the Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case

--- Page 786 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
754 
 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Redemption Initial Floor" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Initial Level shall be subject to a 
minimum level equal to the Redemption Initial Floor Level. 
Redemption Strike Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying, the 
Redemption Strike Level specified for such Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be such Redemption Underlying's Redemption Initial Level, PROVIDED THAT, 
different Redemption Strike Levels may apply if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the determination of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a 
Redemption Barrier Event, Redemption Upper Barrier Event or Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event and/or the determination of different Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount(s) payable in respect of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction 
of a Redemption Barrier Event, Redemption Upper Barrier Event or Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event and/or the determination of any Final Performance in respect 
thereof, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Redemption Underlying means the or each Underlying (as defined in Condition 
2(n) below) specified as a Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Return (Final) means, in respect of each Redemption Underlying 
and a Final Valuation Date, either: 
(A) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Single Valuation 
Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the

--- Page 787 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
755 
 
Single Cap specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a "Single Floor" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a "Single Floor" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to 
the Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, each 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Multiple 
Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple FVD Final 
Performance Percentage for the Redemption Underlying on the Final 
Valuation Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to, (i) if 
a "Single Cap" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum 
percentage equal to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(ii) if a "Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a 
"Single Floor" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum 
percentage equal to the Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the 
Single Floor, each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula (the 
Single Target Redemption Percentage), where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying:  
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if a Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Redemption Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal 
to or greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Redemption Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying Return 
(Final) will be the Single Target Underlying Redemption 
Performance Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
II. 
if "Single Target Redemption (Barrier)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction 
Required" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return 
(Final) will be a percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, 
and/or (ii) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and a Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) Percentage; 
and 
(D) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return (Final) 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined in accordance with the following formula (the Oasis Final 
Percentage), where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying:

--- Page 788 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
756 
 
Final Reference Level - Redemption Interest Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for the (or each, as the case may be) Best 
Oasis Redemption Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final 
Underlying Performance Percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and not the Oasis Final Percentage calculated in 
accordance with the formula above; or 
II. 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for each Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage specified in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer and not the Oasis Final Percentage calculated in 
accordance with the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return (Final) 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) and a Minimum 
Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar).  
Wn means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Redemption Underlying and where Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Redemption Underlying 
depending on such Redemption Underlying's performance. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for a Redemption Underlying where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Performance of such Redemption Underlying shall first be calculated 
as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of Final Performance and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
where 
Outperformance 
Observation 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Final Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Final 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Final Outperformance 
A Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for 
an Final Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance A Underlying shall first be

--- Page 789 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
757 
 
calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf A and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
where 
Outperformance 
Observation 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Final Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Final 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Final Outperformance 
B Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an 
Final Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance B Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf B and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Redemption Underlyings, Final Outperformance A Underlyings or Final 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Final Performance, their ranking 
shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment.  
X means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying Return (Final). 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the redemption amount due or 
assets deliverable on the Maturity Date 
Final Barrier Level means:  
(A) 
where a single Final Barrier Level, "Reset Final Barrier Level" or "Latest 
Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, whichever of, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less 
than or less than (or equal to), (i) the percentage level or, as applicable, the 
amount specified as such in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if "Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in 
respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of 
the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Reset Final Barrier Level in respect of such Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s), or (iii) if "Latest Reset Final Barrier Level" is specified in 
respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of 
the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level in respect of such Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s); or 
(B) 
where percentage levels are specified in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower Final Barrier 
Level and one as an Upper Final Barrier Level, that the Final Barrier Level 
shall mean in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case 
may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, either (A) any level 
that is greater than (or equal to) such Lower Final Barrier Level and less 
than (or equal to) such Upper Final Barrier Level, or (B) any level that is 
greater than, or greater than or equal to, such Upper Final Barrier Level or

--- Page 790 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
758 
 
less than, or less than or equal to, such Lower Final Barrier Level, as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings: 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each 
case, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier 
Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level"; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER Barrier Level" or "Latest 
Reset MER Barrier Level", and (II) the FBL Performance Product Base 
Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Latest Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER 
Reference Level, in respect of the most recently preceding Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date for which the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Reset MER 
Barrier Level" or "Latest Reset MER Barrier Level", of the relevant 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
FBL Performance Product Base Level  means, in respect of a Redemption 
Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier 
Underlyings, the level specified as such for the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
Redemption Initial Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s). 
FBL Preceding MER Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings: 
(A) 
where "Performance" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, 
in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date; or  
(B) 
where "Performance Product" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
FBL Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined to be the product of (I) the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Reset MER Underlying(s), in each case, in respect of 
the immediately preceding Mandatory Early Redemption Date, and (II) the 
FBL Performance Product Base Level of the relevant Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s); or 
(C) 
where "Reference Level" is specified as applicable in respect of the FBL 
Preceding MER Level in the applicable Issue Terms, the MER Reference 
Level in respect of the immediately preceding Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date of the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s).

--- Page 791 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
759 
 
FBL Reset Floor Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, the percentage 
level specified as such for the relevant Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date means the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier 
Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an 
amount determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(FBL Reset Floor Level, FBL Latest Preceding MER Level) 
Reset Final Barrier Level means, in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying 
or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, an amount 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
Max(FBL Reset Floor Level,FBL Preceding MER Level) 
A "Redemption Barrier Event" will occur if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level 
or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified to apply in respect of the Redemption Barrier 
Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing 
Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final 
Barrier Level on the Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final 
Performance of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Final Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying 
Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Closing Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the 
Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Underlying Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if 
"Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier Level 
on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;

--- Page 792 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
760 
 
(F) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect 
of the Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the Underlying Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Final 
Performance or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Final 
Performances of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) and each 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date, satisfy the relevant Final Barrier 
Level and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated in respect of each 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(H) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Target Redemption Barrier Event", in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent and in respect of the Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall 
on the Maturity Date: 
I. 
the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in respect of all 
of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest Payment 
Date or such Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date; 
II. 
and, where "Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the aggregate Non-Contingent Interest Amount(s) paid in respect 
of all of the Non-Contingent Interest Payment Dates falling prior to 
such Interest Payment Date or such Non-Contingent Interest 
Payment Date; and 
III. 
where: 
(a) 
"Include Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity Date" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and any Interest 
Amount due on such Interest Payment Date (and, where 
"Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any Non-
Contingent Interest Amount due on such Non-Contingent 
Interest Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where "Exclude Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity 
Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, but 
excluding any Interest Amount due on such Interest

--- Page 793 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
761 
 
Payment Date and excluding any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount due on such Non-Contingent Interest Payment 
Date, 
is equal to or greater than the Target Redemption Threshold Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(I) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final Reference Level 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final 
Reference Level of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing 
Level, Final Performance, Underlying Level or Final Reference Level, as 
the case may be, are in the case of (i) above in the definition of Final 
Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than 
(or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the 
relevant Redemption Barrier Event, the relevant Final Barrier Level; or in 
the case of (ii)(A) above in the definition of Final Barrier Level, are not 
less than the relevant Lower Final Barrier Level nor greater than the 
relevant Upper Final Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii)(B) above in the 
definition of Final Barrier Level, are greater than or greater than or equal 
to the Upper Final Barrier Level or less than or less than or equal to the 
Lower Final Barrier Level, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) means the Redemption Underlyings 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A Redemption Lower Barrier Event will occur if: 
(A) 
in respect of a Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date, where 
the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final Performance FPU", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final Performance of 
the Final Performance Underlyings in respect of such Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal 
to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event), the Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date converted at the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date;  
(B) 
in respect of a Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date, where 
the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 794 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
762 
 
Terms to be "Redemption Lower Barrier Event Underlying Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s) on the 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event), the Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or  
(C) 
where the Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Gemini Event", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent: 
I. 
both (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred in respect of any Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, and (b) the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption 
Lower Barrier Underlying(s) on the Gemini Event Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) 
greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to 
(in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the Redemption Lower 
Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or  
II. 
both (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred in respect of any Mandatory Early Redemption Date, and 
(b) the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Lower Barrier 
Underlying(s) on the Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) 
greater than or equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to 
(in each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Redemption Lower Barrier Event), the Redemption Lower 
Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
means 
the 
Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A Redemption Upper Barrier Event will occur in respect of a Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final Performance FPU", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlyings in respect of such Specified Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event), the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date converted at the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; and

--- Page 795 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
763 
 
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Underlying Closing Level", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Redemption Upper Barrier Underlying(s) on the Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper Barrier Event), 
the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
means 
the 
Redemption 
Underlying(s), unless otherwise specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due or 
Entitlement deliverable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities 
Entitlement means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security and where 
"Weighted Basket Observation" is not specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions only, the quantity of the Relevant Asset, which a 
Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) (subject as provided herein) in respect of each Security (subject to 
payment of any Expenses as provided herein and rounded down as provided 
herein), as determined by the Calculation Agent, including any documents 
evidencing such Entitlement and, for such purpose, the quantity of the Relevant 
Asset shall be determined as an amount of the Final Performance Underlying or, 
if none, the Redemption Underlying (the Entitlement Underlying) determined 
by reference to the Calculation Amount (converted into the currency of the 
Entitlement Underlying where relevant by multiplying the Calculation Amount 
by the applicable FX for the Final Valuation Date or, where there is more than 
one Final Valuation Date, the FX shall be the arithmetic mean of the FX for each 
such Final Valuation Date) divided by the Entitlement Denominator of such 
Entitlement Underlying (and rounded to the number of decimal places specified 
as the Entitlement Calculation Rounding Convention in the applicable Issue 
Terms (with halves being rounded up)):  
Calculation Amount × FX of Entitlement Underlying
Entitlement Denominator
 
Equivalent Amount means, in relation to each Security, an amount equal to the 
sum for each of the Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement in respect of 
such Security of the product of (i) the Entitlement Ratio in relation to such 
Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement multiplied by (ii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Relevant Asset(s) on the relevant Valuation Date 
(converted into the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) on the terms set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the Entitlement Price). 
Entitlement Denominator means, in respect of the Entitlement Underlying, the 
level specified as such for the Entitlement Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying. 
Entitlement Ratio means, in respect of a Relevant Asset comprising the 
Entitlement, the number of shares or units or other measure of such Relevant 
Asset comprising the Entitlement. "Relevant Asset" means the Final 
Performance Underlying or, if none, the Redemption Underlying.

--- Page 796 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
764 
 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Security, 
either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms)and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by FPR, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance; or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU

--- Page 797 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
765 
 
multiplied by the FPR plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed 
as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the FX Performance plus the 
Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then

--- Page 798 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
766 
 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU) multiplied by the FPR, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR); or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the 
FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance); or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR plus the Redemption Adjustment, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR) + Redemption Adjustment; or

--- Page 799 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
767 
 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FX Performance plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance) + Redemption Adjustment; 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put Spread Option and:

--- Page 800 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
768 
 
I. 
none of an FPR Call, a Global Participation Rate (GPR) or an FPR 
Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) 
plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and 
the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
plus Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] + RedAdj  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a GPR but neither a FPR Call or a FPR Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being the greater of the 
Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance 
of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread 
amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put 
Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), all 
multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR] 
+ RedAdj 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but none of a GPR, a FPR Call or an FPR Put is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being 
the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the FX Performance, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x FX 
Performance] + RedAdj 
IV. 
a GPR but no FPR Call or FPR Put is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being 
the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the GPR multiplied 
by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR x 
FX Performance] + RedAdj

--- Page 801 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
769 
 
V. 
a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put), plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VI. 
a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR] + RedAdj 
VII. 
a FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the 
Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
VIII. a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call)  the "put 
spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of 
the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR and multiplied by the FX

--- Page 802 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
770 
 
Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option and:  
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU]) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR]) + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (a floor). 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the product 
of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance]) + RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the FX Performance, plus 
the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX 
Performance]) + RedAdj 
(E) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Market Timer and: 
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of 100% and 
the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying (FPU) 
and the Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula:

--- Page 803 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
771 
 
Calculation Amount x (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% 
and (y) the product of (i) the Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) 
the FPR and (z) the Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + FPR × Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the product 
of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% and (y) 
the Final Performance of the FPU and (z) the Market Timer 
Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj)  expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance+ RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (i) 100% 
and (ii) the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR 
and (iii) the Market Timer Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% +FPR x Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance + RedAdj  
(F) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Call Sum: 
I. 
none of a FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount (CA) and the sum of (a) the Relevant Percentage and the 
Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) 
and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, 
expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU)× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU))  
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of

--- Page 804 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
772 
 
the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, plus or minus, as the case may be, the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj), expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the sum 
of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the 
FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor 
and the Final Performance of the FPU, all multiplied by the FX 
Perf, expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage+Final Performance of FPU) × FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) × FX Perf 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the sum 
of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the 
FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor 
and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or minus, as the case 
may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage+Final Performance of FPU )× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Performance and plus or minus, 
as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA x ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU ) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or 
minus, as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed 
as a formula: 
CA x (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor;Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (F)I to (F)VIII above, 
that:

--- Page 805 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
773 
 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar), 
(G) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Swaption, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and 
(b) 100% less the product of (i) Final Participation Rate, (ii) the greater of 
(A) the Annuity Floor and (B) the Final Reference Level (FRL) of the 
Final Performance Underlying multiplied by the Annuity Factor and (iii) 
the Annuity, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x {100% − [FPR x Max (Annuity Floor, {AF x Final Reference Level of FPU}) x Annuity] 
if a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor). 
Where: 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
Annuity means, in respect of the Final Valuation Date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in respect of each year i (where i = 1 … t and t means 
the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms) in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 806 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
774 
 
∑
1
(1 + Final Reference Level of FPU)𝑖
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
Annuity Factor or AF means the positive or negative amount specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Annuity Floor means the positive or negative percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Call Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
Call Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
FX Performance means, in respect of a Final Valuation Date an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
FX PerfFinal
FX PerfInitial 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Final Valuation Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Final Valuation Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 
divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-
paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf

--- Page 807 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
775 
 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX 
Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate 
or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Redemption Strike Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Redemption Strike Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate 
cannot be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 
divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-
paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf

--- Page 808 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
776 
 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX 
Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate 
or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Final 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Put Call Sum Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in 
respect of the Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying:  
(a) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(b) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(c) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Market Timer Percentage means an amount in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a 
percentage, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Redemption Initial Level − Market Timer Redemption Initial Level
Redemption Initial Level

--- Page 809 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
777 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Market 
Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage and a 
Minimum Market Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is subject to 
such maximum percentage and a minimum percentage (a collar). 
Maximum Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Minimum Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Final Participation Rate or FPR means the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Participation Rate Call or FPR Call means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Participation Rate Put or FPR Put means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Min means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or, where 
such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Max means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a 
comma or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
FinalPerf means the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying. 
1.2 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if no Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Rate Securities, 
Inflation Rate Securities or Interim Performance Interest Securities and (except in relation to 
Fixed Rate Securities which are Range Accrual Securities), in respect of any Interest Payment 
Date, no Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Issuer will 
pay the relevant Interest Amount on such Interest Payment Date. 
1.3 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, CMS Rate Securities, 
Inflation Rate Securities or Interim Performance Interest Securities and an Interest Barrier Event 
is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and, in respect of an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, either (i) no amount or (ii) the Interest Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule in 
respect of interest will be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, the relevant Interest Amount, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule, will be paid 
on such Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 810 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
778 
 
1.4 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount in relation to the Securities and Interest Amount in 
relation to Buy the Dip Securities 
(a) 
If the Non-Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Issuer will pay each Non-Contingent Interest Amount in respect of 
each Security on each Non-Contingent Interest Amount Payment Date. If Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then no Non-Contingent Interest Amount shall be due in respect of the Securities. 
(b) 
If the Securities are Buy the Dip Securities, then the Issuer will pay the relevant Interest 
Amount in respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.5 
Other Interest Amounts 
If the Underlying Linked Interest Provisions of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the Issuer will pay the Interest 
Amount in respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.6 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due on a Mandatory Early Redemption Date if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has occurred  
Where Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and if, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
where no Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due where MER Upper Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable" in respect of each Security; or 
(b) 
where a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Security; or  
(ii) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Security, 
provided that: 
(I) 
where "Early Exit MER Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event that has occurred is (or, as the 
case may be, includes) an Early Exit MER Barrier Event that has occurred, the Issuer 
shall pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Early Exit MER 
Amount" in respect of each Security instead of the amount specified in paragraph (a) or 
(b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, no amount specified in paragraph (a) or (b) above 
shall be payable; and/or  
(II) 
where a "Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall also pay, on the Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon" in respect of each 
Security. 
1.7 
Redemption Amount or Entitlement deliverable on the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Where the Securities are not specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and:

--- Page 811 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
779 
 
(i) 
where: 
(A) 
(other than in respect of Buy the Dip Securities) Redemption Barrier Event 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall 
pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Redemption 
Amount (which, if so specified, shall be determined in accordance with 
the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions set out therein) 
in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
the Securities are specified to be Buy the Dip Securities in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Redemption Amount (which shall be 
determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 
(Buy the Dip Securities)) in respect of each Security on the Maturity Date; 
or 
(ii) 
where (other than in respect of Buy the Dip Securities) Redemption Barrier Event 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the "Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and no Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event is specified" in respect of each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Delivery Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Upper Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in respect 
of each Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Delivery Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Lower Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in respect 
of each Security; or

--- Page 812 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
780 
 
(B) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall either: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be Physical Delivery Securities if a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred and no Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event is specified, deliver the Entitlement in respect 
of each Security; OR 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Redemption 
Amount due where a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and no Redemption Lower Barrier Event is 
specified" in respect of each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Lower Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Delivery Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Lower Barrier Event Redemption Amount due 
where a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in 
respect of each Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not occurred, the 
Issuer shall either: 
(i) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Physical Delivery Securities if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not occurred, 
deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; 
OR 
(ii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Securities, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Non Lower Barrier Event Redemption Amount due 
where a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred" in 
respect of each Security. 
(b) 
Where the Securities are specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Security will be the 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
provisions below. 
For the purposes thereof:

--- Page 813 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
781 
 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Autocall Observation Date means each date (if any) designated as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Preference Share Valuation Date means either (i) the date specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) if the terms and conditions of the Preference 
Share provide that the Preference Share is to be redeemed early following the 
occurrence of an "autocall event" on an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall 
Observation Date on which such autocall event occurs, PROVIDED THAT, if 
any date used for the valuation or any determination of any Preference Share 
Underlying (or any part thereof) falling on or about any such date is delayed or to 
be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Share 
by reason of a non-scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an 
adjustment event (howsoever described in the terms and conditions of the 
Preference Shares), the Preference Share Valuation Date shall be the last delayed 
date on which any such valuation or determination is made, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Preference Share Underlying means, in respect of the Preference Share, the 
underlying asset(s) or reference basis(es) to which the redemption amount of the 
Preference Share is linked. 
Specified Final Valuation Date means the number of Business Days following 
the Preference Share Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms and such date, as so adjusted shall be the "Final Valuation Date". 
Specified Redemption Strike Date means the Issue Date (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, in respect of any Series comprising more than one Tranche 
of Securities, shall refer to the first Issue Date of the Securities). Such date shall 
be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms and 
such date, as so adjusted shall be the "Redemption Strike Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying, the performance of the 
Redemption Underlying and levels of the Redemption Underlying 
Final Performance means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the following formula: 
Final Reference Level
Redemption Initial Level 
Final Reference Level means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation 
Date. 
Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Redemption 
Strike Date. 
Redemption Underlying means the Underlying (as defined in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(n) (Underlying Valuation Provisions - Definitions) 
below) specified as the Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount means an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and 
the Final Performance of the Redemption Underlying, expressed as a formula:

--- Page 814 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
782 
 
Calculation Amount x Final Performance of Redemption Underlying. 
(c) 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, where "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 1.7(a) and 1.7(b) shall not apply and the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities shall be as set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(c) where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities: 
Entitlement means the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may 
be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) in respect of each Security following payment of any Expenses as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and rounded to the number of decimal places specified as the 
Entitlement Calculation Rounding Convention in the applicable Pricing Supplement (with 
halves being rounded up), including any documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
Relevant Asset means the asset(s) specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
(a) 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying, to making any adjustment to Valuation 
Dates or to making any other adjustment following Adjustment Events or to determining any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event or Early Redemption Event are specified in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an Underlying on a 
Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, unless 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) 
below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to 
the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all of the Underlyings, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of the 
Underlyings, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to

--- Page 815 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
783 
 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating 
to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation Date 
is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified Valuation Date, unless in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) (as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set 
out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall 
apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation Date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first succeeding day immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such affected Underlying, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day 
is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below (as 
applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2(c) above and/or, as the case may be, the provisions of the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one Underlying, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; and (II) the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then such 
Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day immediately following 
such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlyings 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for all of the Underlyings; and (II) the Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled

--- Page 816 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
784 
 
Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be such Specified Valuation Date; 
and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then the 
Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be the earlier of: (1) the first succeeding 
day immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying; and (2) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll 
number of Scheduled Trading Days for such Underlying immediately following 
such Specified Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would otherwise 
fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the Cut-off Valuation 
Date) for such Underlying prior to the date on which a relevant payment or delivery, as 
applicable, is scheduled to be made under the Securities, such Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such date is a Disrupted 
Day for such Underlying) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(e)(ii) below shall apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Condition 
2(d) above) is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying on such Valuation Date 
using its good faith estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the 
Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Condition 
2(d)(iv) above) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Valuation Date for such 
Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to 
such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of such Underlying on such Cut-off Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on 
or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot be 
determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such day shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities. 
(g) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs, then (subject to 
the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent 
shall (i) make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the

--- Page 817 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
785 
 
provisions (if any) of such Underlying Schedule and (ii) determine the effective date of each 
such adjustment. 
Any adjustment pursuant to the above may include a "monetisation" of the Securities. Where 
the Securities are monetised, (i) the Calculation Agent will determine the value in the Specified 
Currency (the Monetised Amount) of the bond component and the embedded derivative(s) 
comprising the Securities on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Monetisation 
Valuation Date), (ii) any future amounts in respect of interest (if any) and the Final Redemption 
Amount will no longer be payable and (iii) the Securities will instead pay on the Maturity Date 
an amount equal to (a) the Monetised Amount plus (b) interest accrued on such amount at the 
overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency Securities, 
the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent which shall accrue during the 
period from (and including) the Monetisation Valuation Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and occurs, 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to pass on to Securityholders the relevant increased cost of hedging, 
which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing any of the amounts which would 
otherwise be payable under the Securities or reducing the number of any Relevant Assets which 
would otherwise be deliverable under the Securities. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule, any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation 
Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a substitution of the relevant Underlying 
or other asset as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to the relevant Underlying and 
the Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs in respect 
of an Underlying or the Securities (as relevant), then (subject to the provisions of the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying) all (but not some only) of the Securities will or, in the 
case of a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event, may be redeemed on a day selected by 
the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(i) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Events and Mandatory Early Redemption Events 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) occurs, then all (but not some only) of the Securities will be redeemed, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount determined in accordance with Condition 1 above 
and the applicable Issue Terms on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, if "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement and a Mandatory Early Redemption Event (as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) occurs, then all (but not some only) of the 
Securities will be redeemed, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount(s) and Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) shall be as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(j) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the Calculation Agent 
to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Securities (including any 
payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic 
effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (ii) redeem all (but not some only) of the

--- Page 818 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
786 
 
Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) payments 
under the Securities being made in the currency (the Local Currency) in which the Hedging 
Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Specified Currency, (II) deduction of an 
amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction from the relevant payment otherwise 
due under the relevant Securities or delivery of any Entitlement being subject to payment by the 
relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or 
deduction, (III) non-payment of the relevant payment or non-delivery of the relevant 
Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant Securities until the relevant restrictions (including 
but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or cross-border transfer restrictions) are 
lifted and/or (IV) determination of any relevant exchange rate by the Calculation Agent taking 
into consideration all available information that it deems relevant and/or (V) (where legally 
permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Securities, procuring physical 
delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) PROVIDED THAT such Underlying(s) may be 
subject to transfer restrictions and additional certifications may be required from the 
Securityholders. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(k) 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent may direct the 
Issuer to: 
(i) 
postpone the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the 
Securities to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the Underlying RMB 
Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist (such date of payment by 
the Issuer, the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date); or 
(ii) 
pay any amount that is due to be paid in RMB under the terms of the Securities in the 
RMB Relevant Currency instead converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant 
RMB Determination Date. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Securities on a day selected 
by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early 
Redemption Amount and the Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(l) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any time on 
any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity responsible for 
such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Securities is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the Corrected Level) 
is published by or on behalf of such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after 
the original publication (and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a 
payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under the Securities) (the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date), then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value 
for the relevant Underlying for the relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities. 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
any such amounts payable and/or deliverable under the Securities. 
(m) 
Notifications

--- Page 819 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
787 
 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this Condition and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any 
such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15. Failure by the Calculation 
Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Securityholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(n) 
Definitions 
Additional Adjustment Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified as such in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Additional Early Redemption Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as the case may be), each 
event (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and in the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying or, the occurrence at any time of a Section 871(m) Event or if 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event. 
Adjustment Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional 
Adjustment Event applicable to such Underlying. 
Change in Law means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that (a) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule, order, directive or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Illegality" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms, holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedging Position becomes or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, 
illegality or prohibition cannot be cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking all 
commercially reasonable measures available to it (including that any such measures will 
not result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or  
(ii) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Material Increased Cost" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Securities (including without limitation due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of any 
relevant Hedging Party) which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking 
reasonable measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its 
agents) will not suffer a material loss.  
Correction Period shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Early Redemption Event means, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as the case may 
be), (i) if, Early Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to the relevant Adjustment Event, following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event in 
respect of such Underlying, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution 
can reasonably be made under this Condition to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event, 
or (ii) if specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence at any time of any 
Additional Early Redemption Event applicable to such Underlying or the Securities (as the case 
may be). 
Electronic Page means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any component of such 
Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying Schedule), the electronic page or

--- Page 820 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
788 
 
source specified for such Underlying or such component, as the case may be, in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) 
if such sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or information 
vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider 
designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such sponsor) or 
any alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not necessary or 
appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally designated 
electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the Calculation 
Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying and/or (if 
applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) 
if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant 
Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation 
Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not 
published on all of such Electronic Pages but is published on one or more of such Electronic 
Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level for the purpose of 
determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Securities and no Disrupted Day 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s). 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that any 
Hedging Party is unable or would be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge or be able to hedge the price risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Securities; or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event means, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any action, or any announcement of the intention to take any such 
action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, elimination, 
reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, self-regulatory, 
legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, as 
implemented by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or any 
exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC authority) that (i) affects the definition of 
"bona fide hedging" as that term is used in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act) (as at 
the Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any 
"hedge exemptions" previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility 
acting under authority granted pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or otherwise 
amends such other applicable laws of any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of the performance of the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities or the cost of acquiring, establishing, re-
establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in 
each case occurring after the Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Party means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities, which party may be the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Position means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in 
securities, futures contracts, options contracts, cross currency derivatives contracts, interest rate 
derivative contracts, asset swap derivative contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign 
exchange; (ii) stock loan transactions, securities transactions or loan transactions; (iii) other 
instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging Party in order to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities; or (iv) positions or

--- Page 821 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
789 
 
contracts in one or more credit derivatives contracts which may be in combination with any of 
paragraphs (i) or (iii) above.  
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing 
on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations under the Securities; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
PRC means the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
 
Realisation Disruption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms,  
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by 
any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by any 
Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by any Hedging Party such that:  
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to 
purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, 
continue or otherwise complete such transactions) and/or is or would be 
materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its obligations in 
respect of any Hedging Positions;  
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations under the 
Securities and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its 
obligations under any Hedging Positions; or  
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Securities and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under any Hedging 
Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any 
restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, 
judicial or regulatory body):  
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or convert 
the Local Currency for any Specified Currency or any Specified Currency for the 
Local Currency through the customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver any 
Specified Currency or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the 
Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a Hedging Position) (A) 
between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the Local 
Jurisdiction) and any accounts in the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency or 
(B) to or from a party that is a non-resident of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a 
party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from transferring 
amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in respect of the Securities 
between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or 
(ii) the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency and the jurisdiction of a Hedging 
Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for any Specified Currency (or vice versa), for any

--- Page 822 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
790 
 
reason becomes restricted, or such determination is otherwise impracticable or 
such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and "material" and 
any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of any such provision shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems 
appropriate. 
Relevant Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the jurisdiction where the RMB 
Settlement Currency is the lawful currency; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) 
or (c) of this definition. 
Renminbi or RMB means the currency of the PRC. 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to that term in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
RMB Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB 
Relevant Currency. 
RMB Determination Date means the day which is two RMB Determination Business Days 
before the date of the relevant payment under the Securities. 
RMB Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
RMB Settlement Centre means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong 
Kong. 
RMB Spot Rate means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the 
RMB Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB Determination Business 
Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency 
Valuation Time on the RMB Determination Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange 
rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations,

--- Page 823 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
791 
 
certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this definition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor 
the Paying Agents and all Securityholders. 
Section 871(m) Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
"Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, in each case, any Hedging Party is (or, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 
30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, save where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, in each case, any 
Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Securities and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, and/or, in each case, save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 
871(m) Event (Hedging)" is not applicable, any Hedging Positions.  
Specified Valuation Date means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a Specified 
Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Issue Date. 
Underlying means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Closing Level shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Underlying Level shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the meaning given 
to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Underlying RMB Currency Event means the occurrence of any of (i) Underlying RMB 
Illiquidity; (ii) Underlying RMB Inconvertibility and (iii) Underlying RMB Non-
Transferability. 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without 
limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Securities (or if 
applicable, any party to a Hedging Position cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to 
perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions); or (ii) it becomes impossible or 
impractical for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm 
quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any 
party to a Hedging Position) to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant 
party on any payment date in respect of the Securities or (if applicable) any Hedging Position) 
into RMB, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the 
failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the 
relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant 
party and/or their affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 824 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
792 
 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position) and/or any of their affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to 
an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted 
or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account 
inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, as applicable), to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation). 
Underlying Schedule means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is specified to be 
applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
Valuation Date means each Specified Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(f) above and/or, as applicable, the relevant Underlying Schedule. 
Valuation Roll means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
number is so specified, eight. 
Valuation Time shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, in the event an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(i) 
the Relevant Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Relevant Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the 
relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist 
of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by 
reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in 
relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities and (c) include selecting 
a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, 
and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation 
of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) redeem the 
Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security shall be redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
Provided that the Relevant Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided above to 
the terms of the Securities, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination 
made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon 
as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest relevant effective date. The Issuer 
shall notify the Securityholders thereof or of any election to redeem the Securities as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by 
the Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of 
any such determination or election will not affect the validity of any such determination or 
election. 
For the purposes of the above:

--- Page 825 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
793 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means the Relevant Agent determines that (1) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will 
not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, or (3) save where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with 
the Securities as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the 
administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, 
of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to 
measure.  
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such 
figure or rate, all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Securities.  
4. 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest Amounts and Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Provisions 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
(a) 
If the Securities are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable Issue Terms 
and Accrual is specified as "Not Applicable" in the Issue Terms, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Issuer will pay the Interest Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Specified Currency. For which purpose, the "Interest Amount" will be the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, where more than one amount is so 
specified, the amount specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. The 
Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
If the Securities are Notes and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable 
Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, then each 
such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will be payable in 
arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 826 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
794 
 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant 
Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount or number of the 
Fixed Rate Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(II) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. The Interest Amount 
or Broken Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(c) 
If the Securities are Certificates and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, 
then each such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will 
be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by multiplying the relevant 
Interest Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the 
total number of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security 
Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(II) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded)

--- Page 827 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
795 
 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate,  
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. The Interest Amount or Broken Amount payable in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event 
is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
Each Floating Rate Security which is a Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest will be payable in arrears on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such interest 
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
In respect of each Floating Rate Security which is a Certificate, interest shall be calculated in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
payable on the Interest Payment Date(s) falling on or around the end of the relevant Interest 
Period in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms).  
The interest (if any) payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier 
Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period or a relevant day (such day, a Relevant Day) will be the Screen Rate for 
such Interest Period or Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any) in relation to such Screen Rate, and multiplied by the relevant 
Interest Participation Rate (if any). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the Screen Rate for 
any Interest Period or any Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(iii) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, all as 
determined by the Relevant Agent. If five or more offered quotations are available on 
the Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Relevant Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, if the Page is not available 
or if, in the case of (i), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii), fewer than 
three offered quotations appear or, in the case of (iii) the Reference Rate does not appear 
on the Page and/or the Reference Rate is not provided or published by the relevant 
administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Reference 
Rate is not provided or published, in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m.

--- Page 828 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
796 
 
Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Screen Rate shall be determined by the Relevant 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such 
sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market) (the SRD Fallback Provisions). For the avoidance of 
doubt and without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the relevant Screen Rate 
by reference to one of the following: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page 
by another authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(B) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened 
by any such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; or 
(C) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last 
provided or published by the relevant administrator; or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative 
amount (and, where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, 
calculated in the manner determined by the Relevant Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Reference Rate amends the methodology 
of such Reference Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) (including, without limitation, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Relevant Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Relevant 
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, 
in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is reasonably necessary).  
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
Corrected Rate) is published after the original publication but no later than the longer 
of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections 
specified by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the relevant Reference Rate, 
then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Securities (the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date)), then such Corrected 
Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and the Relevant Agent shall use 
such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the 
Securities. Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Screen Rate. 
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Screen 
Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date 
on which any relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the 
Relevant Agent having acted on any quotation given by any reference bank.

--- Page 829 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
797 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Rate 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or 
Relevant Day will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if 
any).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), "ISDA Rate" for 
any Interest Period means the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction (a Swap Transaction 
or a Transaction) if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions, as defined below) (the ISDA Calculation Agent) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT  
(A) 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the 2006 Definitions read with the above provisions and prior to 
the application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever 
described) or other permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 
Definitions (including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any supplement 
to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Discontinued Rates 
Maturities provisions)) then, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 8 and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); or 
(B) 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the 2021 Definitions read with the above provisions but prior to 
the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), terms used for the 
purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions, and the date 
on which any ISDA Rate is to be determined shall be an Interest Determination Date. 
References in the 2006 Definitions to:

--- Page 830 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
798 
 
• 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
• 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement Date; 
• 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End 
Date; 
• 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction; 
• 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date; 
and 
• 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
References in the 2021 Definitions to:  
• 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
• 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement Date;  
• 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End 
Date, PROVIDED THAT where the Business Day Convention applicable to the 
relevant Interest Period End Date is "Floating Rate Convention", "Modified 
Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding Business Day Convention" 
and "Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday" 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, where that Interest 
Period End Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a 
result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
• 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction;  
• 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date, 
PROVIDED THAT where "Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date is 
"Floating Rate Convention", "Modified Following Business Day Convention" 
or "Preceding Business Day Convention", where that Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that 
is a Business Day and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where any other payment date (a Related Payment Date) is scheduled to fall on 
the same day, that Related Payment Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all 
subject as provided in General Condition 8; and 
• 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions:  
(a) 
the provisions of General Condition 12(c) (subject as provided in General 
Condition 12(d)) shall apply in relation to determinations made by the Calculation

--- Page 831 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
799 
 
Agent pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) and any such 
provision in the relevant ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In addition, all 
calculations and determinations made in respect of the Securities by the 
Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) 
be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the Securityholders;  
(b) 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation Agent: (i) 
to give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will be deemed to 
be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the 
Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party or the parties will be deemed to be 
a requirement for the Calculation Agent to consult with the Issuer. Any such 
notice or consultation may be given or carried out orally or in writing (including 
by electronic mail or communications). In addition the right of any party under 
the ISDA Definitions to require the ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or 
fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to 
require this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no Securityholder will 
have any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation Agent in 
this regard; 
(c) 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the relevant 
transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach agreement 
and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(d) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA Definitions is less than 
two Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for payment, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that such date for payment and/or any 
Related Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not more than two Business 
Days after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and Securityholders shall 
not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of any such 
delay; and 
(e) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the Correction Time 
Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to the 
relevant date for payment, any corrections published after the second Business 
Day prior to the relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes 
of determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction thereunder 
then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it 
would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate in 
accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such any adjustment, 
fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by reference to the hedging 
arrangements for the relevant Securities) in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate and 
(ii) make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition (including without limitation any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), ISDA Definitions 
means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
or any successor thereto (ISDA), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the

--- Page 832 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
800 
 
first Tranche of the Securities (the 2006 Definitions), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix, in each case, published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the 2021 Definitions), provided in each 
case that if the Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to the 
hedging arrangements for the relevant series of Securities, ISDA Definitions will mean 
any successor definitional booklet to or version of the 2006 Definitions or 2021 
Definitions as applicable, each as supplemented or amended from time to time for 
interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination 
under this Condition and the Calculation Agent may make such conforming changes to 
the Conditions as are necessary or appropriate to reflect the terms of the relevant 
successor definitional booklet or version. 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA Definitions shall 
apply to an ISDA Rate where "ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. If such provisions apply, the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(j) shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate.  
(iii) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in respect of any 
interest bearing Securities in accordance with the Conditions on a date other than an 
Interest Period End Date and separate amounts in respect of accrued interest are specified 
to be payable on early redemption, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such separate 
amounts of interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest element of the Securities 
being early redeemed (the Early Redemption Interest Amount) in addition to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount applicable to the Interest Payment 
Date falling immediately after the date of early redemption can be determined 
prior to the relevant date of early redemption, the Early Redemption Interest 
Amount shall be calculated as the amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable 
in respect of each Calculation Amount determined on the basis of the Conditions, 
adjusted only so that the due date for early redemption is deemed to be the final 
Interest Payment Date, and applying the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, taking into account the period elapsed since the previous Interest 
Period End Date or (if none) the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as reflecting the fair market value 
of the unpaid interest element of the relevant Calculation Amount (if any) less 
(except in the case of any early redemption pursuant to General Condition 11) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Securities 
(including, without limitation, any options relating to any Underlying hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities) and, for the purposes of determining the 
fair market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of General 
Condition 11, no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer 
which, in each case, shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations 
in respect of the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount which is 
contingent upon any event shall be payable in respect of the Securities, unless all the 
relevant events have been satisfied.

--- Page 833 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
801 
 
(c) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(i) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be the Compounded Daily SONIA (the SONIA Floating Rate) 
as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−5𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. 
The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
d means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
d0 means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 834 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
802 
 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
ni for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day. 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities become due and payable). 
SONIAi, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate (the SONIA rate) for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day). 
SONIAi-5LBD in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London Banking 
Day falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following the London Banking Day falling five London Banking 
Days prior to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example,  
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and the Index Determination 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination 
dates specified below (the SONIA Compounded Index) and the following formula (the 
"SONIA Index Floating Rate"). Such Interest Rate will be plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any):

--- Page 835 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
803 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA =  
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
"x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is determined;  
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
x denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
y denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Final Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, and save where Index 
Determination applies, the following provisions (the "SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback 
Provisions) will apply if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not 
available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA rate as being: (i)(A) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing 
at close of business on such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (ii) if the Bank 
Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such day in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation 
Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order 
to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Securities for so long as the SONIA 
rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, and where Index 
Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following provisions (the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions) will apply if in respect 
of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these 
circumstances, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market).  
(iv) 
Amendments to SONIA Methodology

--- Page 836 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
804 
 
In the event that the administrator of SONIA amends the methodology of SONIA 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant 
rate), the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest 
and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
(d) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR (the SOFR Floating Rate), as 
determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR 
Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
d0 means, (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" 
is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any 
SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or 
"SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 837 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
805 
 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
Observation Look-Back Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
p means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
Relevant SOFR Level means: 
(a) 
where "SOFR OIS Compounding" is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for 
such day, Provided That, for the purposes of calculating the SOFR Floating Rate 
for the final Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR Reference Rate for such 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(b) 
where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or 
(c) 
where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; 
SOFR Observation Period means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR Reference Rate, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(USBDx), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing (SOFR) rate 
for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the 
New York Federal Reserve's Website) (in each case, on or about 5:00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator PROVIDED THAT, where a 
Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of an Interest Period, such SOFR Reference Rate shall the lesser of such rate 
and the relevant Daily Capped Rate and/or the greater of such rate and the relevant Daily 
Floored Rate, as applicable; and; 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date means the day that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination

--- Page 838 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
806 
 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point 0.000005 being rounded upwards. Such Interest Rate will be plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR =  
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such index) as such index 
appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date; 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, the following provisions 
(the SOFR Fallback Provisions) will apply if in respect of any relevant determination 
date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has not been provided or published by 
or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these circumstances, the relevant 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as 
it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
(iv) 
Amendments to SOFR Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SOFR amends the methodology of SOFR 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant 
rate), the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition

--- Page 839 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
807 
 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest 
and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
(e) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
Subject as provided below, if any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then any Interest Rate shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be, and where more than one Maximum Interest 
Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate is so specified, the maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be, shall be that which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Calculations - Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(ii) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Security is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions.  
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Calculations - Certificates 
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of coupon (the Coupon Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the 
relevant Coupon Period by multiplying the relevant Coupon Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in

--- Page 840 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
808 
 
respect of the total number of the Securities represented by such Global 
Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(ii) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.  
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Rate so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Securities become due and payable under General 
Condition 11, the interest (if any) and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Securities shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(i) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and each Interest Amount (subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities 
if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date) for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.  
(j) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or in the case of CMS Rate Securities) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer

--- Page 841 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
809 
 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if there 
is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.  
4.3 
Interest on CMS Rate Securities 
(a) 
Interest Amount 
Each CMS Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and at the CMS Interest Rate. 
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest 
Payment Date. The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be 
subject to Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the 
Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified 
to apply in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day (including any Interest 
Payment Date) is specified in any other Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "CMS 
Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3. 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Single CMS Interest 
Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the CMS Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
(c) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS Reference Rate 
2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 2). Where (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will be the relevant 
CMS Interest Rate. 
(d) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the difference between (1) CMS Reference Rate 1, plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus (2) 
CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and 
multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2).

--- Page 842 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
810 
 
(e) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions 
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to determine such CMS 
Reference Rate), subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, if a Page for such 
Relevant Swap Rate is not available or the Relevant Swap Rate does not appear on the Page or 
the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator and/or a 
relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or 
published, in each case as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, the Relevant Swap Rate shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Relevant Agent may determine the 
Relevant Swap Rate by reference to one of the following: 
(i) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page by 
another authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Relevant Swap Rate or 
the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the Relevant Swap Rate or the administrator thereof; 
or  
(iii) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last 
provided or published by the relevant administrator; or  
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Relevant 
Agent on a date determined by the Relevant Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Relevant Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Relevant Swap Rate amends the methodology 
of such Relevant Swap Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Relevant Agent may but shall not be required to make any 
related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.3(e) (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) 
that the Relevant Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Relevant Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Relevant Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Relevant Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
In the event that the Relevant Swap Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
Corrected Rate) is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) 
one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a 
relevant administrator in its methodology for the Relevant Swap Rate, then provided that such 
Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date 
on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date)), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Relevant Swap Rate and the Relevant Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any 
relevant amount payable in respect of the Securities. Any corrections published after the second 
Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the 
purposes of determining the Relevant Swap Rate. 
If the Relevant Swap Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Relevant

--- Page 843 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
811 
 
Swap Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date 
on which any relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Relevant 
Agent having acted on any quotation given by any reference bank. 
(f) 
Calculation – Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the CMS Rate Securities for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the CMS Rate Securities 
represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, 
multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a CMS Rate Security is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier 
Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Calculation – Certificates  
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount 
of coupon (the Coupon Amount) payable on the CMS Rate Securities, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Coupon Period by applying the relevant Coupon Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the total number of 
the Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, 
multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date shall be subject to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.3 (Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if 
Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply) if an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 844 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
812 
 
(h) 
Additional Definitions Relating to CMS Rate Securities 
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions): 
CMS Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3. 
CMS Rate Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
CMS Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, the Relevant 
Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Page as at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Relevant 
Agent. 
CMS Reference Rate 1 means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1". 
CMS Reference Rate 2 means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 2". 
Interest Participation Rate 1 means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 1. 
Interest Participation Rate 2 means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 2. 
Margin 1 means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Margin 2 means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Currency means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference 
Rate. 
Relevant Swap Rate means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i) 
EUR Swap Rate, the fixed rate under an annual interest rate swap for euro swap 
transactions with a floating leg of euro EURIBOR and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(ii) 
GBP Swap Rate, the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for Sterling 
swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SONIA and for a period of the 
Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iii) 
USD SOFR Swap Rate, the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for 
U.S. dollar swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SOFR and for a period 
of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
and

--- Page 845 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
813 
 
(iv) 
Mid-Market Swap Rate, the mid-market swap rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with standard market practice. 
Relevant Time means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the time 
in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time.  
4.4 
Spread Securities 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Spread Securities 
The "Spread Interest Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be the Relevant Spread Rate 
in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
The "Relevant Spread Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if "Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) one (1), minus (ii) the result of Spread 
Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or 
(B) 
if "No Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) Spread Rate 1, minus (ii) Spread Rate 
2; or 
(C) 
if "Spread Cap" applies, an amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Min[(Rate X±Spread Cap Margin);(V%+{Multiplier×[Rate Y-Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Spread Interest 
Rate", "Relevant Spread Rate" or "Spread Reference Rate", the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.4, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The "Spread Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and may be expressed as: 
(A) 
a single Reference Rate; 
(B) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(C) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. 
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate

--- Page 846 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
814 
 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and, in the case of Securities that are not Exempt Securities, in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as 
applicable, as contained in the Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of 
such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Security provisions applicable to Spread Securities 
Each Spread Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest payable on Spread 
Securities will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" 
to be applicable and the Spread Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate 
Securities, Spread Securities will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an 
Interest Amount) will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Spread Securities 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.4 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions: 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) means, in respect of a Relevant Spread 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Spread Rate. 
Maximum Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
Min means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
Minimum Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column

--- Page 847 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
815 
 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Rate X means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Rate Y means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Rate Z means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Reference Rate 1 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.4(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
Reference Rate 2 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.4(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
Spread Cap Margin means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest Period, the 
Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded 
by a "+" (plus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph 
(C) of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "+ Spread Cap 
Margin", and (ii) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "‒" 
(minus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (C) of 
the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "‒ Spread Cap Margin". 
Spread Rate 1 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 1 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 2 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 2 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 3 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 3 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 848 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
816 
 
Spread Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
V% means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
4.5 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
The provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 and shall apply to Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities. A Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will have a Fixed Interest 
Rate, a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Accrual Interest Rate 
The "Accrual Interest Rate" for each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date) means a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap] 
For the purposes of the above: 
Accrual Factor means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(days accrued)
(days observed) 
RA Factor means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" 
apply: 
(A) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100%; or 
(B) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, the Accrual 
Factor; or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" 
do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
(b) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
Accrual Condition means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest Observation 
Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, greater than the Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, less than the Barrier; 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(E) 
if a "Lower Range" and an "Upper Range" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and: 
(I) 
if the "Lower Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Greater than the Lower Range", greater than the Lower Range; or

--- Page 849 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
817 
 
(2) 
"Greater than or equal to the Lower Range", greater than or equal to the 
Lower Range; and 
(II) 
if the "Upper Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Less than the Upper Range", less than the Upper Range; or 
(2) 
"Less than or equal to the Upper Range", less than or equal to the Upper 
Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The "Reference Observation" shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be 
expressed as: 
(i) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2; or 
(ii) 
the sum of each Reference Rate 1 minus the sum of each Reference Rate 2; or 
(iii) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, then a 
"Reference Observation" on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed as: 
(i) 
if "Any" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "any Reference Rate" or 
(ii) 
if "All" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "each of the Reference Rates", 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) and 4.3 (Interest 
on CMS Rate Securities), Reference Rate 1 and Reference Rate 2 are each a "Reference Rate" 
and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether each Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply, or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a 
Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any 
Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.4 (Spread Securities), any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each case as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(A) 
Barrier

--- Page 850 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
818 
 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper Range may 
apply to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary 
between different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual Day falling 
during such Interest Period, the relevant "Interest Observation Date" shall be such 
Accrual Day or, if such day is not a Scheduled Observation Date or is a Reference 
Observation Disrupted Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date for 
such Reference Observation which is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day for 
such Reference Observation, provided that the Interest Observation Date for each 
Accrual Day from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to but (excluding) the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period shall be the Interest 
Observation Date for the Accrual Cut-Off Date. 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the same day as 
the Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
(f) 
Interest Rate 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities will bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Fixed Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security. Interest payable on each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, as though the 
applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Floating Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will also be a Floating Rate Security. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(f) (Calculations - Notes) or 
4.2(g) (Calculations - Certificates), as the case may be. 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a CMS Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range

--- Page 851 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
819 
 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will also be a CMS Rate Security. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3(a) (Interest Amount). 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount 
If any Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, then if the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, the Maximum Interest Amount shall be 
subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York, or (2) less than such 
Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
If more than one Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for different Interest Payment Dates, then if the Interest Amount 
for an Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than the Maximum Interest Amount specified for 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, or 
(2) is less than such Minimum Interest Amount specified for such Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(h) 
Range Accrual Table 
If a Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier"; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Lower Range"; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Upper Range"; 
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Observation" and if the Reference Observation is not 
expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, Reference Rate 1 or Reference 
Rate 2 will be specified in the Reference Observation Table in the column entitled 
"Reference Rate(s)" (or if applicable, the columns entitled "Reference Rate 1" and 
"Reference Rate 2"); 
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual 
Table in the column entitled "Interest Rate"; and 
(F) 
the relevant "Lev", "Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" for such 
Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the applicable column, 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End 
Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
(i) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities  
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions: 
Accrual Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day Centre specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 852 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
820 
 
Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be any day 
except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) 
"TARGET", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be a day on which the T2 is open. 
Accrual Condition has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition). 
Accrual Condition 1 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 1", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 1", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 1", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 1", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 1". 
Accrual Condition 2 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 2", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 2", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 2", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 2", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 2". 
Accrual Condition 3 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 3", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 3", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 3", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 3", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 3". 
Accrual Cut-Off Date means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest Period End Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Period. 
Accrual Days means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an Accrual Day). 
Adj means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Adj is Not Applicable, Adj shall be zero. 
Barrier has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper 
Range and Lower Range). 
Barrier 1 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 1". 
Barrier 2 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 2". 
Barrier 3 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 3". 
days accrued means:

--- Page 853 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
821 
 
(A) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Accrual Condition is satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date; 
(B) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Reference Observation" to be applicable, the 
number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both satisfied on the related Interest 
Observation Date; and 
(C) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Triple Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3 are all satisfied on the related 
Interest Observation Date. 
days observed means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest Observation Date has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.5(e). 
Lev means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if the 
applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent. 
Lower Range has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
Lower Range 1 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 1". 
Lower Range 2 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 2". 
Lower Range 3 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 3". 
Max means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
Min means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
RA Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Cap is Not Applicable, the RA Cap shall be 
infinity. 
RA Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Floor is Not Applicable, the RA Floor shall 
be zero. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Table means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Observation has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above.

--- Page 854 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
822 
 
Reference Observation 1 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1". 
Reference Observation 2 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 2". 
Reference Observation 3 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 3". 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Reference Observation, where 
the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Rate Condition 1) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Reference 
Observation. 
Reference Observation Table means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Observation Date means, in respect of a Reference Observation where the relevant 
Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day 
(as defined in Rate Condition 1) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference 
Observation. 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date means such number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Upper Range has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
Upper Range 1 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 1". 
Upper Range 2 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 2". 
Upper Range 3 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) )Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 3". 
4.6 
Buy the Dip Securities 
The definitions and provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.6 shall apply 
to Securities specified to be Buy the Dip Securities in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Definitions 
Cash Accrual means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the Observation Day(0), zero (0); or 
(ii) 
any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation Day(0), a percentage (expressed as 
a decimal) calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 855 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
823 
 
Cash Accrual(t −1) + (Coupon Rate ×
1
Day Count × Cash Participation(t −1)) 
Cash Accrual(t – 1) means, in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation 
Day(0), the Cash Accrual(t) in respect of the Observation Day immediately preceding 
Observation Day(t). 
Cash Participation(Final)  means the Cash Participation(t) in respect of the Observation Day(t) 
falling on (or, if the Cash Participation(Final) Date is not an Observation Day, immediately 
preceding) the Cash Participation(Final) Date. 
Cash Participation(Final) Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Observation Day(Final). 
Cash Participation(t) means:  
(i) 
in respect of the Observation Day(0), the Initial Cash Participation; and  
(ii) 
in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the Observation Day(0): 
(A) 
if no Trigger Event Date has occurred on or prior to such Observation Day(t), the 
Initial Cash Participation; 
(B) 
if any Trigger Event Date has occurred on or prior to such Observation Day(t), an 
amount determined to be (1) the Initial Cash Participation, minus (2) the sum of 
each Equity Allocation(i) in respect of each Trigger Event Date and the relevant 
Trigger Event(i) relating to such Trigger Event Date that has occurred on or prior 
to such Observation Day(t).  
Cash Participation(t – 1)  means, in respect of any Observation Day(t) falling after the 
Observation Day(0), the Cash Participation(t) in respect of the Observation Day immediately 
preceding Observation Day(t). 
Coupon Rate means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate specified for 
such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Current Cash Accrual means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the Interest Valuation 
Date relating to such Interest Payment Date, the Cash Accrual in respect of the Observation Day 
falling on (or, if the related Interest Valuation Date is not an Observation Day, most recently 
preceding) the related Interest Valuation Date.  
Day Count, in respect of Observation Day(t), means the number of Observation Days falling in 
the Day Count Period in which such Observation Day(t) falls. 
Day Count Period means the period commencing from (but excluding) the Observation Day(0) 
to (and including) the first Interest Valuation Date and each successive period beginning on (but 
excluding) an Interest Valuation Date and ending on (and including) the next succeeding Interest 
Valuation Date (or, in the case of the final Day Count Period, the Day Count Period Final End 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes are redeemed early other than on a scheduled 
date for redemption. 
Day Count Period Final End Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Observation Day(Final). 
Equity Allocation(i)  means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the percentage as set out under 
the heading "Equity Allocation(i)" in the row corresponding to the relevant "i"in the table in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Equity Invested Allocation(0) or Initial Equity Invested Allocation  means an amount 
(expressed as a decimal) determined to be the Initial Equity Participation divided by the Initial 
Level, expressed as a formula:

--- Page 856 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
824 
 
Initial Equity Participation
Initial Level
 
rounded down to the nearest whole percentage number. 
Equity Invested Allocation(i) means, in respect of each Trigger Event Date that has occurred 
on or prior to the Observation Day(Final) and the relevant Trigger Event(i) relating to such 
Trigger Event Date, an amount determined to be the relevant Equity Allocation(i) divided by 
the relevant Trigger Level(i), expressed as a formula:  
Equity Allocation(i)
Trigger Level(i)
 
in each case, rounded down to the nearest whole percentage number. 
Final Equity Allocation means:  
(i) 
if, on or prior to the Observation Day(Final), any Trigger Event Date and the related 
Trigger Event(i) has occurred, an amount determined to be the Equity Invested 
Allocation(0) plus the sum of the Equity Invested Allocation(i) in respect of each such 
Trigger Event(i) (where i = 1…x) that has occurred, expressed as a formula: 
Equity Invested Allocation(0) + ∑Equity Invested Allocation(i)
𝑥
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
x means the total number of Trigger Event Dates that have occurred on or prior to the 
[Observation Day(Final)]. 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Equity Invested Allocation(0).  
Final Level means the Final Reference Level of the Underlying on the Final Valuation Date. 
i means the unique integer from 1 to N (where i = 1…N) each denoting a Trigger Event and a 
Trigger Level as set out in the row corresponding to the relevant "i" in the table in the applicable 
Issue Terms. For such purposes, N means the highest number specified under the heading "i" in 
the table in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Initial Cash Participation means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(expressed as a decimal). 
Initial Equity Participation means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(expressed as a decimal). 
Initial Level means the Redemption Initial Level of the Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date. 
Interest Valuation Date has the meaning given to such term in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.1 (Definitions), provided that Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) and Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) shall not apply to each such day. 
Observation Day means each Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying during the period 
commencing from (and including) the Observation Day(0) to (and including) the Observation 
Day(Final). Each Observation Day shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
the Conditions, provided that Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not 
apply to each such day.

--- Page 857 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
825 
 
Observation Day(0) means the Redemption Strike Date. 
Observation Day(Final) means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the final Interest Valuation Date.  
Observation Day(t) means the relevant Observation Day.  
Previous Cash Accrual means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the first Interest Payment Date, zero; or 
(ii) 
each Interest Payment Date thereafter (such Interest Payment Date, the Current IPD), 
the Cash Accrual in respect of the Observation Day falling on (or, if the Previous Interest 
Valuation Date is not an Observation Day, immediately preceding) the Interest Valuation 
Date relating to the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Current IPD (the 
Previous Interest Valuation Date). 
Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Buy the Dip Security, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum 
of (A) the Final Equity Allocation multiplied by the Final Level and (B) the Cash 
Participation(Final), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [(Final Equity Allocation × Final Level) + Cash Participation(Final)] 
Trigger Event means any Trigger Event(i).  
Trigger Event Date means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the first Observation Day in respect 
of which such Trigger Event(i) first occurs. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall only be one 
Trigger Event Date in respect of any Trigger Event(i). 
Trigger Event(i) means (and a Trigger Event(i) shall be deemed to have occurred), the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on any Observation Day for the Underlying 
satisfies the Trigger Level(i) relating to such Trigger Event(i). For the avoidance of doubt, a 
Trigger Event(i) shall be deemed to occur only once on the first such Observation Day on which 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying first satisfies the relevant Trigger Level(i), 
without taking into account any subsequent days on which the relevant Trigger Level(i) may be 
satisfied.  
As used above, satisfy or satisfies means that the relevant Underlying Closing Level is greater 
than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Trigger Event(i), the relevant Trigger Level(i).  
Trigger Level(i) means, in respect of a Trigger Event(i), the percentage of the Initial Level or 
such other level of the Underlying as set out under the heading "Trigger Level(i)" in the row 
corresponding to the relevant "i"in the table in the applicable Issue Terms.  
(b) 
Disrupted Days in respect of Observation Days 
If an Observation Day is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Underlying, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on such Observation Day 
shall be deemed to be the Underlying Closing Level of the Underlying on the first Observation 
Day prior to such Observation Day that was not a Disrupted Day in respect of the Underlying, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
4.7 
Definitions 
CMS Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities).

--- Page 858 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
826 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Security for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the Calculation 
Period):  
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed 
Rate Securities: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Securities, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to Floating Rate Securities, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y 2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 859 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
827 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(i) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and

--- Page 860 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
828 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(j) 
if "Australian Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, one divided by 
the number of Interest Period End Dates in a year (or where the Calculation Period does 
not constitute an Interest Period, "Actual/Actual" as defined in sub paragraph (ii) above; 
(k) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; 
(l) 
if Calculation/252 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 𝑫𝑪𝑫𝒑
252  
where:  
Calculation Days or DCDp is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period; or 
(m) 
if RBA Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first Calculation 
Period or the last Calculation Period is less than three months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first Calculation 
Period 
or 
the 
last 
Calculation 
Period 
is 
less 
than 
six 
months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first Calculation 
Period or the last Calculation Period is less than twelve months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period. 
Determination Agent means the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the Issuer 
and specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor or replacement entity 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
Final Interest Period End Date means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of 
any Interest Period, the date an Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
Fixed Interest Rate means the rate of interest applicable to Fixed Rate Securities in respect of 
an Interest Period determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities). 
Floating Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Securities (the Issue Date) or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 861 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
829 
 
Interest Determination Date means:  
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)": 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is (i) (a) the SONIA Floating Rate, the fifth London Banking 
Day prior to the end of each Interest Period, or (b) the SONIA Index Floating 
Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date, or (ii) (a) the SOFR Floating Rate, the 
Second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or (b) the SOFR Index Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date; 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second T2 Business Day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
(C) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
(D) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(E) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(F) 
if the Reference Rate is the Romanian interbank offered rate (ROBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Bucharest prior to the start 
of each Interest Period; 
(G) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second 
day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(H) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first 
day of each Interest Period; or 
(J) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), the 
first day of each Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies and the Compounding Method is specified 
to be SOFR OIS Compounding in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Period End 
Date falling at the end of the relevant Interest Period (or such other date or dates, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms) Provided That, in any such case, the 
Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Period for which such 
Compounding Method applies will be the SOFR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date,  
or the date otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and, where the applicable Issue Terms specify one or more Reference Rates for an 
Interest Period or a relevant day or different Reference Rates for different Interest Periods or 
days, the Interest Determination Date will be construed in respect of each Reference Rate for 
each Interest Period or day.

--- Page 862 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
830 
 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Securities are 
redeemed early other than on a scheduled date for redemption.  
Interest Period End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Rate means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Securities 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein or specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than one rate is so specified, the rate shall be that 
which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
London Banking Day or LBD means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Margin means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a Relevant Rate) for a 
relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, which 
shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable 
Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" (which shall be 
preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more 
than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to each 
Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest 
Period. 
Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose 
of providing a Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original 
display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display 
page, other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant 
information vendor or provider (if different from the sponsor). 
Rate Table means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Rate Interbank Market means the relevant market specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Relevant Financial Centre means, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 (Definitions)", (a) Brussels, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, (b) Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (c) Oslo, 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (d) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of 
CIBOR, (e) Bucharest, in the case of a determination in ROBOR, (f) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR, (g) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, (h) Sydney, 
in the case of a determination of BBSW and (i) Wellington, in the case of a determination of 
BKBM, or (ii) such other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Time means (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.7 (Definitions)", (a) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (b) in the case 
of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (c) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (d) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., (e) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (f) in the case of TIBOR, 12.50 p.m., (g) in the case 
of HIBOR, 11.15 a.m., (h) in the case of BBSW, 12.00 noon or (i) in the case of BKBM, 11.00

--- Page 863 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
831 
 
a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or (ii) the time in the place specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day except a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
4.8 
Certificates and Notes – interpretation 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities are Certificates, each reference in this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4 (Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest 
Amounts and Range Accrual (Expanded) Provisions) to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be 
construed to be to, respectively, "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", 
"Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying". 
In the case of Notes, references to "Security" mean to "Note representing a principal amount 
thereof equal to the Calculation Amount". All related expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, any Global Registered Security Certificate and any Securities in definitive form 
shall be construed accordingly. 
5. 
Physical Delivery Securities 
(a) 
This Condition will apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities. If the applicable Issue Terms does not specify that the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities, then all references to the Entitlement in the General Conditions 
shall be disregarded. Where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities and the Entitlement 
becomes deliverable pursuant to the Conditions (including in the case of Certificates which are 
exercised or deemed exercised): 
(i) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall, subject to the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with the provisions hereof, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security through the Relevant Clearing System in accordance with the 
provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date 
(as applicable) (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Settlement Business Day), subject as provided herein; or 
(ii) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary and, subject to 
the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the provisions hereof, the Issuer shall procure that the Intermediary (acting as principal) 
shall purchase the Entitlement Ratio at the Entitlement Price and shall deliver the 
Entitlement in respect of each Security through the Relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with the provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity 
Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business 
Day, the immediately succeeding Settlement Business Day), subject as provided herein. 
Payment by the Issuer of the Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary and 
procuring delivery of the Entitlement by the Intermediary shall fully discharge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities. Whenever pursuant to the 
Conditions, the Intermediary is expressed to be making delivery to a holder, such 
holder will be deemed to have instructed the Intermediary as its agent to purchase 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and make such delivery to it.  
THIS CONDITION ONLY APPLIES TO SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY A GLOBAL 
REGISTERED SECURITY CERTIFICATE HELD ON BEHALF OF EUROCLEAR AND 
CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG OR DTC. IF THE SECURITIES ARE ISSUED IN 
DEFINITIVE FORM THE ISSUER SHALL MAKE SUCH CHANGES TO THIS 
PROVISION AS IT DEEMS APPROPRIATE AND SHALL GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
HOLDERS IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL CONDITION 15.

--- Page 864 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
832 
 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Security, the relevant 
holder must deliver a duly completed asset transfer notice (an Asset Transfer Notice) 
in the form set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement (x) in respect of Securities cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent 
and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Intermediary, not later than 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the date (the Cut-off 
Date) falling three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable) (as defined below), in accordance with the provisions set out in this 
Condition. An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered to a Relevant Clearing 
System in such manner as is acceptable to such Relevant Clearing System, which (in the 
case of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) is expected to be by authenticated 
SWIFT message.  
Notwithstanding that the Securities may in certain circumstances, be Cash Settled 
Securities, in order to receive the Entitlement on the Maturity Date or Settlement 
Date (as applicable) (subject as provided in the Conditions), Securityholders should 
complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with the Conditions 
in any event as it may not be known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the Securities 
will be cash settled or whether the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Intermediary 
will deliver the Entitlement. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of each Paying Agent or the Registrar. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Securityholder and the person from whom the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may obtain details for the delivery of the Entitlement if 
delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule; 
(2) 
specify the Series number of the Securities and the principal amount or number 
of the Securities which are the subject of such notice; 
(3) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's securities account at the Relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be, to be debited with such Securities; 
(4) 
in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system to debit the relevant 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or before the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable); 
(5) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and a confirmation that the delivery 
of the Entitlement is subject, inter alia, as provided herein and either (1) in respect 
of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, an authority 
to the relevant clearing system to debit a specified account of the Securityholder 
with the applicable relevant clearing system in respect thereof and to pay such 
Expenses or (2) in respect of Securities cleared through any Relevant Clearing 
System, an authority to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) either to deduct from any cash amount owing to the Securityholder an 
amount sufficient to pay such Expenses and to pay on behalf of the Securityholder

--- Page 865 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
833 
 
such Expenses or to convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be 
delivered to such Securityholder as is necessary to pay such Expenses and to pay 
on behalf of the Securityholder such Expenses, as referred to below, and a 
confirmation that delivery of any Entitlement is subject as provided below; 
(6) 
include details of the Securityholder's securities account of the Relevant Clearing 
System to be credited with the Entitlement and specify the name and number of 
the Securityholder's account with the Relevant Clearing System to be credited 
with any cash payable by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms), either in respect of any cash amount constituting (1) the Entitlement or 
any Fractional Entitlement (if applicable) or (2) any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or (3) as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
and the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) electing to 
pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or (4) as a result of the occurrence 
of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) electing to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount or (5) as a result of the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(7) 
certify either (i) in respect of Securities represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Security Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Security the 
subject of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in 
the Asset Transfer Notice), the Security is not being redeemed within the United 
States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have 
been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof or (ii) in 
respect of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject of the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice is a QIB; and 
(8) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
In respect of Securities cleared through DTC, in addition to the submission of an Asset 
Transfer Notice as provided above, each Securityholder (i) may irrevocably instruct DTC 
to debit a specified account of the Securityholder with DTC in respect of any Expenses 
and (ii) shall irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant Securityholder's securities 
account with the relevant Securities on or before the Maturity Date or Settlement Date 
(as applicable), in each case, in accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
As used above: 
Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, 
issue, registration, securities transfer, withholding taxes or tax on income profits or gains 
and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the Entitlement(s). 
Intermediary means the entity (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no such entity is so specified and Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 866 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
834 
 
(B) 
Verification of the Holder and process to be followed by the Fiscal Agent on receipt of 
an Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, (x) in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system or (y) in respect of 
Securities cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent shall verify that the person specified 
therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Securities described therein according 
to its records. Subject thereto, in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system will confirm to the Fiscal Agent 
the Series number and principal amount or number of Securities the subject of such 
notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement(s) 
in respect of each Security the subject of such notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation 
or, in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer 
Notice, the Fiscal Agent will inform the Issuer and, where Settlement via Intermediary 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary thereof. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, will on or before the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) debit the securities account of the 
relevant Securityholder with the relevant Securities.  
(C) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the relevant clearing system in consultation with the Fiscal 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, by the 
Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as 
set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form, or, in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
which is not copied to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary immediately after 
being delivered or sent to the relevant clearing system, as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of (x) in 
respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant 
clearing system in consultation with the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary 
or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent and, where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system and the Fiscal Agent and, 
where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Intermediary or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary. 
The Fiscal Agent or, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to 
notify the Securityholder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice, if it has been determined, 
as provided above, that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. 
In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Relevant Clearing System shall be 
liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in

--- Page 867 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
835 
 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Securityholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System (where applicable) or the Fiscal Agent or the Intermediary, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant 
Securityholder may not transfer the Securities which are the subject of such notice. 
Subject as provided herein and subject to the payment of any Expenses, the Entitlement 
will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder, in the manner provided below 
on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (such date, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with this Condition, the Delivery Date), PROVIDED THAT the Asset 
Transfer Notice is duly delivered (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent and where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary; (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, to the 
Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, as provided above on or prior to the Cut-off 
Date. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice, as provided herein on or prior 
to the Cut-off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon as practicable after the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) (in which case, such date of delivery 
shall be the Delivery Date) at the risk of such Securityholder in the manner provided 
below. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such Securityholder shall not 
be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery 
Date falling after the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) and no liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Intermediary (if any). 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or 
prior to the date falling 180 days after the Cut-off Date, then the Issuer's and any 
Intermediary's obligations in respect of the Securities held by such Securityholder 
for which no Asset Transfer Notice has been given shall be discharged and the 
Issuer and the Intermediary (if any) shall have no further liability in respect 
thereof. 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Securityholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement for each Security, 
pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice or in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All Expenses 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Securities shall be for the 
account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Entitlement shall be made 
until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) by the relevant Securityholder. Any such Expenses shall either 
be: 
(1) 
paid to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) by such 
Securityholder prior to the delivery of the Entitlement; or 
(2) 
deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from 
any cash amount owing to such Securityholder and paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue

--- Page 868 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
836 
 
Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on behalf of the Securityholder or paid 
by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on behalf 
of such Securityholder by converting such amount of the Relevant Assets due to 
be delivered as necessary to pay the Expenses, 
as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
If any Expenses are not paid by a Securityholder pursuant to the above, the relevant 
Securityholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the Issuer or the Intermediary, as applicable, may 
convert such amount of the Relevant Assets due to be delivered into cash sufficient to 
cover the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) shall deduct such Expenses. The Issuer's and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary's obligations in respect of each Security will be satisfied in relation to the 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) by delivery of the remaining 
Entitlement in respect of such Security. 
All deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of delivery. 
(D) 
General 
Subject as provided below, Securities held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities, 
PROVIDED THAT the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder 
will be rounded down to the nearest whole Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset or 
each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. If the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Aggregation of Entitlements 
does not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded down to the 
nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions or numbers of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, less than the relevant Tradeable Amount (the Fractional 
Entitlement) will not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in 
respect thereof unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall pay to the relevant 
Securityholder a cash amount in the Specified Currency (to be paid at the same time as 
delivery of the Entitlement) equal to the value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
of such Fractional Entitlement, calculated by reference to the Final Reference Level of 
the Entitlement Underlying (converted into the Specified Currency (being, in the case of 
Dual Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) where relevant by dividing the 
Final Reference Level of the Entitlement Underlying by the applicable FX). 
Following the Delivery Date in respect of a Security where the Entitlement(s) includes 
securities, all dividends and/or other distributions on the relevant securities to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend or distribution 
according to market practice for a sale of the relevant securities executed on the Delivery 
Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant securities. Any such

--- Page 869 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
837 
 
dividends or distributions to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to above. 
If any Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would otherwise 
have taken place as provided herein, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
any person acting on behalf such relevant entity shall continue to be the legal owner of 
the assets comprising the Entitlement (the Intervening Period). None of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Intermediary or any other person shall 
at any time (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as 
provided herein, any payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the 
holder of such assets, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any 
or all rights attaching to such assets or (C) be under any liability to a Securityholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of such assets. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Intermediary, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Agents shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of any Relevant Clearing System in relation to the 
performance of its duties in relation to the Securities. 
(E) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the Delivery 
Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or such other commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason 
of a Settlement Disruption Event subsisting on the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as 
applicable), then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement 
Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may elect to deliver 
the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and 
in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the 
Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, 
where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by 
the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so 
long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof 
the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the 
Entitlement to pay to the relevant Securityholder the Disruption Cash Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Payment of 
the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant 
Security in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer or any Intermediary.

--- Page 870 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
838 
 
For the purposes hereof: 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount, in respect of any relevant Security, means the 
fair market value of such Security on a day selected by the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event 
affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such 
non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of 
such Relevant Assets), less the cost of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Settlement Business Day, in respect of each Security, means a day which is a Business 
Day and a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open; and 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) as a result of which 
the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) cannot make delivery of the 
Relevant Asset(s) using the Delivery Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule.  
(F) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the Affected Relevant Assets) 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to Deliver), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are 
not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable) in accordance with this 
Condition; and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the Affected Relevant 
Assets, to pay to the relevant Securityholder the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" in respect of any 
relevant Security shall be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets on a day 
selected by the Calculation Agent, less the cost of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and 
absolute discretion).

--- Page 871 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
839 
 
(b) 
Issuer's or Intermediary's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, in respect of Physical 
Delivery Securities, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Asset or 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which are not freely tradeable 
and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof), an 
equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other securities which 
the Calculation Agent determines are freely tradeable (each a Substitute Asset) or (ii) 
not to deliver the Entitlement or any Substitute Asset, as the case may be, to the relevant 
Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to each relevant Securityholder on 
the Maturity Date or Settlement Date (as applicable)of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Entitlement (or part thereof) as determined by the Calculation Agent at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" and deliverable security shall mean (i) with 
respect to the United States, a security which is registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the Securities Act) or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not 
purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the 
requirements of a freely tradeable security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) with respect to any jurisdiction, a 
security not subject to any other legal or regulatory restrictions on transfer in such 
jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Rights of Securityholders 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(d) 
Issuer or Intermediary Option to Vary Settlement in respect of Physical Delivery 
Securities 
In respect of Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
may, elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Securityholders but in lieu thereof to make payment on the Maturity Date or Settlement 
Date (as applicable) to the relevant Securityholders of an amount in respect of each 
Security equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 is not applicable to the French Cleared Securities 
and French Law Securities. 
6. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions  
Where the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then in order to determine amounts payable 
or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
in respect of any payments in respect of the Securities, convert the relevant payment 
amount (as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Conditions, this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms) 
from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant Currency by multiplying such 
amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the Valuation Date or, if more than one,

--- Page 872 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
840 
 
the last occurring Valuation Date, relating to the date on which such payment is to be 
made; or 
(b) 
in order to determine any cash amounts due in respect of Physical Delivery Securities, 
convert any such cash amounts due from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant 
Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the 
Valuation Date relating to the date on which such delivery is to be made. 
Where: 
Denomination Currency means the currency of the Security, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate means any Underlying which is an FX Rate and as is 
designated as the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant payment and/or delivery in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Relevant Currency means the currency in respect of payments and/or deliveries, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
RATE FALLBACK PROVISIONS 
7. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 shall apply in the circumstances specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8. 
7.1 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Relevant Agent determines 
that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, the Relevant Agent 
will:  
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(a) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement Reference 
Rate;  
(b) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread); and 
(c) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the 
relevant Securities,  
PROVIDED THAT, as an alternative to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
above, the Relevant Agent may instead: (A) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or 
other amendments to the terms of the Securities are required as a result of such Reference Rate 
Event (such determination being a No Adjustment Determination); or (B) make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the RRE Adjustments). 
Provided that the Relevant Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Securities, as 
applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the 
Securities or (ii) the relevant RRE Adjustments, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective 
date for the relevant replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable.

--- Page 873 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
841 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by the Relevant Agent to notify the 
Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if: 
(1) 
the Relevant Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the Relevant 
Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any 
RRE Adjustments; or 
(2) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
the Relevant Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
calculate an Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer may redeem the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security 
shall be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount and the 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
7.2 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 7.1 above, the relevant Reference Rate 
is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that time, no replacement or 
amendments have occurred in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 7.1 and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the 
Relevant Agent to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the 
terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference 
Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Relevant Agent for the Securities 
to reference the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the Reference 
Rate shall be determined by the Relevant Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after 
consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that 
it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or 
successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the 
Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with applicable 
law or regulation (the Last Permitted Rate) or (b) if it determines there is no such 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the 
Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or 
successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the 
Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is 
determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Relevant Agent may determine 
such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with such 
substituted or successor rate. 
(iii) 
If the Relevant Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(ii) above only, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made 
by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The

--- Page 874 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
842 
 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15. Failure by the Relevant Agent to 
notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such 
determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
7.3 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above: 
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Relevant Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from 
(i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) the Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that 
would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for 
over-the-counter derivatives transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to 
the occurrence of an index cessation event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such 
Reference Rate (howsoever described under the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to 
the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate for 
the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
Reference Rate Event means:  
(i) 
the Relevant Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference Rate 
has occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation 
in the provision of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there is no 
successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or 
(C) a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or 
it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the Securities or 
any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities which are derivative 
transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Relevant Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Securities; 
(iii) 
save where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" 
is not applicable, the Relevant Agent determines that it is not commercially reasonable 
to continue the use of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the Securities as a 
result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or

--- Page 875 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
843 
 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is 
either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence);  
(iv) 
the Relevant Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, 
regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) 
supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or another 
official body with applicable responsibility announcing that such Reference Rate is no 
longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be representative, of any underlying 
market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; or 
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-
the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will 
be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or 
other price source or rate that the Relevant Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must 
be any one of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current 
Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate;  
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may be 
formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body, 
(b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other relevant 
trade association, working group, task-force or committee to replace the Reference Rate) 
which is recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate (which 
recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a publication by the relevant 
trade association, working group, task-force or committee, or (b) a press release, a 
member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms 
or otherwise by ISDA) (a Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, without 
limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Relevant Agent or a rate calculated by the Relevant Agent in accordance with a 
methodology determined by the Relevant Agent) that the Relevant Agent  determines to 
be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
8. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments

--- Page 876 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
844 
 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for 
the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance.  If the first applicable option shown does 
not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option 
set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions below 
may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate which 
itself has been previously determined pursuant to these fallback provisions. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 shall apply in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.2 to a Benchmark (whether such 
Benchmark is an interest rate or otherwise). 
8.1 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 shall 
apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any Reference Rate to be applicable in respect 
of the Securities. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
Reference Rate means any interest rate (in each case howsoever described in the Conditions 
and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and any rate defined or specified as a "Reference Rate" in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms (as amended from time to time pursuant to 
the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions), which may include, without limitation, 
(i) any floating rate determined by reference to (a) Screen Rate Determination, (b) ISDA 
Determination, (c) SONIA Floating Rate Determination or (d) SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, (ii) any swap rate, (iii) any Underlying which is a Rate, (iv) a CMS Interest Rate, 
or (v) a CMS Reference Rate and, in each case will, where appropriate and without limitation, 
include any related component or underlying rate (including, for the purposes of the 2021 
Definitions any Underlying Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor or index rate. Where more 
than one Reference Rate is applicable in respect of the Securities, "Reference Rate" shall be 
construed to refer to each such Reference Rate. Where a Reference Rate applies in respect of 
any relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Reference Rate" shall be 
construed to refer to such Reference Rate in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 shall apply where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies any Benchmark (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) to 
be applicable in respect of the Securities, PROVIDED THAT the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 do not apply to the relevant 
Benchmark as a result of the relevant event or circumstance.  
8.3 
Rate Conditions 
The provisions in respect of an Underlying which is a Rate set out in Underlying Schedule 13 
relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled 
Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to 
the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions (the Underlying Rate 
Fallback Provisions) shall apply to any such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 nor the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 apply to the relevant rate as a result 
of the relevant event or circumstance. 
8.4 
Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a) and the ISDA Determination 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) shall apply where Screen Rate

--- Page 877 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
845 
 
Determination and/or ISDA Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 3 and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance.  
8.5 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination and SOFR Floating Rate Determination  
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SFRD (Non-
Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(i), the SFRD (Index) 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c)(ii) and the SOFR Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(iii) shall apply where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 3 and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance.  
8.6 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Relevant Agent determines are necessary or appropriate 
pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 7 and the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3: 
(a) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market); 
(b) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation 
period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Relevant Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the application of any adjustment factor or 
adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the relevant provision and 
which may be positive or negative) and (iii) (subject to compliance with applicable laws 
and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any 
increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) 
and/or benchmark(s); and 
(c) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-
free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be 
the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 8 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Relevant Agent is not 
obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination in relation to the Conditions if the 
effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the 
date the affected interest rate or Benchmark is no longer used as an interest rate or Benchmark 
for purposes of the Securities and (ii) the maturity, termination or expiry  of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Issuer 
and/or the Relevant Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions 
in respect of the Securities as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, 
Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that 
causes the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in Underlying 
Schedule 13 to apply (a Substitute or Successor Rate Event), as applicable, notwithstanding

--- Page 878 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
846 
 
that such Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event 
or Substitute or Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date 
of the Securities. 
8.7 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any 
of the paragraphs 8.1 to 8.6 above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Relevant Agent will have 
any duty to monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of 
any such rate has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
8.8 
Regulatory obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine 
and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 7, the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions set out in Underlying Schedule 13, the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3, the SRD Fallback Provisions in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the ISDA Determination provisions in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2(b), the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition or the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(c)(iii), the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(d)(iii), (each a Reference Rate Fallback Provision) (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at that time); or (b) it would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements to determine a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or 
adjustment in accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it would 
contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at that time); or (c) 
the Relevant Agent determines that an adjustment spread (however described in the Reference 
Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a benchmark, index or other price source whose 
production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the Relevant Agent to 
material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Relevant 
Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or adjustment and may instead 
take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines appropriate. 
9. 
Split Payment Conditions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
Split Payment Conditions to be applicable in respect of the Securities. 
9.1 
Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) 
Where each of the Fixed Rate Security Provisions and Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment 
Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Security pursuant to the Conditions shall be deemed to be 
replaced with (a) if Fixed Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) (CRE) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount or (b) if Fixed 
Rate Security (Split Payment Conditions) (EE) is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
9.2 
Mandatory Early Redemption (Split Payment Conditions) 
(a) 
Adjustment to Calculation Amount 
Where each of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions and Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Split Payment Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used to determine any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
deemed to be replaced with the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Override Condition

--- Page 879 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
847 
 
Where Mandatory Early Redemption Override Condition is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, then notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event followed by the payment of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the Securities shall not 
be fully redeemed or terminated and shall remain outstanding if any or more of the following 
applies: 
(i) 
if CRE Redemption Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the CRE Redemption Amount is payable on the relevant CRE Redemption Date 
falling after such Mandatory Early Redemption Date; and/or 
(ii) 
if an Interest Amount and/or Non-Contingent Interest Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Interest Amount and/or Non-Contingent Interest Amount 
(as applicable) is payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date and/or Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount Payment Date (as applicable) falling after such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date. 
9.3 
Redemption Amount (Split Payment Conditions) 
Where Redemption Amount (Split Payment Conditions) is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities, each reference to Calculation Amount used 
to determine the Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Security pursuant to the 
Conditions shall be deemed to be replaced with the EE Adjusted Calculation Amount. 
9.4 
Payment of CRE Redemption Amount 
Where CRE Redemption Amount is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
addition to any (i) Mandatory Early Redemption Amount payable on a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and (ii) any Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
will pay the CRE Redemption Amount on the CRE Redemption Date. 
9.5 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 9: 
Capital Repayable Amount or CRE means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or, if different in respect of any amount(s) payable in the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Payment Date(s), such amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if none is so specified, the amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CRE 
CRE Coupon means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
CRE Redemption Amount means the amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CRE × CRE Coupon 
CRE Redemption Date means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Equity Amount or EE means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if 
different in respect of any amount(s) payable in the Issue Terms in respect of any Payment 
Date(s), such amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
EE Adjusted Calculation Amount means the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or if none is so specified, the amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × EE

--- Page 880 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
848 
 
Payment Date(s) means the relevant Interest Payment Date(s), Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s), Redemption Date or other payment date(s).

--- Page 881 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
849 
 
SECTION G.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or 
replaced from time to time, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the EU Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as 
provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of 
the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA- N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].3  
[[The Base Prospectus is scheduled to expire on 14 December 2024. The Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
intend[s] that the Base Prospectus will be updated on or prior to such date.] [The Base Prospectus is 
scheduled to expire on 14 December 2024, but the Issuer [and the Guarantor] anticipate[s] that the Base 
Prospectus will be updated and replaced on or around [⚫]]. The updated base prospectus will be available 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual").

--- Page 882 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
850 
 
on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [the website of the London Stock Exchange 
(www.londonstockexchange.com)] [and] [the website of [⚫] ([⚫])].]4 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Securities are not intended to be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA)/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on 
the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 
4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) 
FinSA.]5 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
FinSA, and this Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to investors in 
Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Final Terms, nor the Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to FinSA.]6 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA), and investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or 
supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable).]7 
[Include if the Securities or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives: Securities or the Underlying(s) of Securities may be 
described or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar 
objectives. Notwithstanding the use of such term(s), such Securities or Underlying(s) (or the 
administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments 
having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements 
or criteria as regarding investments having such or other similar labels or objectives.] 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]8 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of or number for each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
 
4  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Securities for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus. 
5  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is not filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
7  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
8  
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 883 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
851 
 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]9 [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]10 
Under the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
[Subject as provided above, any]/[Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities in 
any Member State of the EEA may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in item [10] of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in item [11] of Part B below and that such offer is made during 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use 
of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise]11 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]12 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]13 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended). 
The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]14 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]15 have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any state securities law. [The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]16 [and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]17 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each purchaser 
of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]18 [The Securities are being 
offered and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in reliance on the exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A). Each purchaser of 
the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and 
each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Securities is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than 
(a) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the 
Securities for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction.]]19 The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]20 [and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] 21 [and any Entitlements] 22 do not constitute, and have not been 
 
9  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
10  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
11  
Consider including this legend where a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is anticipated. 
12 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
13 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
14 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
15 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
16 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
17 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
18  
Include for Securities offered on reliance on Regulation S. 
19  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A. 
20 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
21 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
22  
Include for Physical Delivery Securities.

--- Page 884 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
852 
 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved 
by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities, see 
"General Information relating to the Programme and the Securities - Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Securities are [English Law Securities][Irish Law Securities][ that are also [Swedish Securities [(and 
therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) 
from Euroclear Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Securities [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations 
of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the 
holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list)][French Law Securities].23 [A Summary of the Securities is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank.] The Final Terms [will be] 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body 
in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of 
the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt 
Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in 
item [10] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State 
of the EEA.]24 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 25 This Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI 
Guarantor]26 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]27 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [up to, and including, 
[the later of] [the close of the offer period] [and] [the date of listing of the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language 
required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, this 
Final Terms is available [[on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on  the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [insert 
method of publication required in any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) and/or any jurisdiction in 
which the securities are admitted to trading.]] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final 
 
23 
Delete as applicable. 
24  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited 
with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
25  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank. 
26 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
27 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 885 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
853 
 
Terms will be published in the event that the Securities are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly 
offered)28.  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus in 
relation to the Programme dated 15 December 2023.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 15 December 2023, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [
⚫] ([the] Supplement [No. [⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No. [⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, together 
with Supplement No. [⚫], the Supplements)].] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 
The Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX): The 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the EuroTLX): The multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the EuroTLX) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or under this Base Prospectus but prior to the 
publication of one or more supplements, (ii) a new Base Prospectus is published during the Offer Period 
of a Non-exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Securities or (iii) a new Base Prospectus 
is published after the Offer Period of a Non-exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the relevant 
Securities: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to 
[the/each] Underlying] in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus].  
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank.] The Final Terms [will be] 
and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Original Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] 
[has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to 
Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the 
basis of the combination of this Final Terms and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the 
Original Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-
exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" 
mentioned in item [10] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being 
a Member State of the EEA.]29 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]30 This Final Terms must be 
read in conjunction with the Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base 
Prospectus], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [and are incorporated by reference into the 
 
28 
Delete as applicable. 
29  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited 
with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
30  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank.

--- Page 886 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
854 
 
Original Base Prospectus]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]31 [, the CGMFL 
Guarantor]32 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Original Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus] [and any further supplements up to, 
and including, [the later of] [the close of the offer period] [and] [the date of listing of the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. The 
Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Original Base Prospectus [and the translation of 
the Summary into [insert language required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]]] [is/are] 
available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on 
the website of the [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, this Final Terms is available [[on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [⚫] [insert method of publication required in 
any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final 
Terms will be published in the event that the Securities are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly 
offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [26 June 2013]/[25 
September 2013]/[25 September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 
February 2018]/[25 January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020]/[18 December 2020]/[17 December 
2021]/[16 December 2022]/[15 December 2023].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: 
For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [26 June 2013]/[25 September 2013]/[25 
September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 February 2018]/[25 
January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020]/[18 December 2020]/[17 December 2021]/[16 December 
2022]/[15 December 2023], as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to 
the Base Prospectus] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, 
together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements to the Base Prospectus)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Original Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Original Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 15 December 2023.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Original Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Original Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 15 December 2023, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[
⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to the Original Base Prospectus] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[
⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements to the 
Original Base Prospectus)].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms/Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
31 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
32 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 887 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
855 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.]33 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Limited/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.  Only 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A. are guaranteed by Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited) 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
 
 
[Exercise 
style: 
the 
Certificates 
are 
[European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and Automatic 
Exercise applies]] (applicable in the case where 
"Certificate[s]" is specified above") (if applicable, replace 
references in the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with references to 
coupon and references to maturity date with settlement date) 
 
 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if applicable, 
complete the Final Terms as if the Securities were Notes 
save to replace references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" 
with "Certificates(s)", references to redemption with 
references to termination, references to interest with 
references to premium and references to maturity date with 
final termination date) 
(for Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, 
Automatic Exercise shall apply) 
 
 
[Italian Listed Certificates] (if Applicable, replace 
references in the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with references to 
premium and references to maturity date with references to 
final termination date)] 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Securities become 
fungible) 
 
(iv) 
Date on which the Securities 
will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present Tranche] will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [⚫]/[the Issue Date]]  
3. 
Specified Currency or currencies: 34  
[⚫]/[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities. Specified 
Currency means: 
 
33  
Delete as applicable. 
34  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law Securities 
shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 888 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
856 
 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Specified Denomination (if 
applicable) and the Calculation Amount (the 
Denomination Currency): [⚫]  
 
 
(b) 
in respect of payments and/or deliveries (the 
Relevant Currency): [⚫]] 
 
[Resultant 
figure(s) 
in 
Euro of 
amount(s) 
specified 
herein 
denominated in a currency other than 
Euro:  
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law Securities only, 
delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified Denomination 
and any other amount(s) specified herein have been 
translated into Euro at the exchange rate of [⚫] [specify 
currency other than euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing a 
sum of: EUR [⚫]]  
 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency 
other than Euro payable under the 
Securities: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law Securities only, 
delete if not relevant and if payments to be made under the 
Securities are to be made in Euro)  
[The 
[specify 
relevant 
amount(s) 
specified 
herein 
denominated in a currency other than Euro] will be 
translated into Euro at the [specify currency other than 
Euro]/EUR exchange rate (spot/bid) prevailing at the date of 
settlement of such amount(s) at the time or times as the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] 
deems 
appropriate and the resultant figure will be rounded to the 
nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards)]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[Number of Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in principal 
amount of the Securities)] [per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount converted into the Relevant Currency at 
the Initial FX Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] in 
respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. Initial FX Rate 
means [⚫]]/(each Unit consisting of [⚫] Securities)] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in principal 
amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit consisting of [ ⚫] 
Securities)] 
 
 
[The Securities are issued in Units. Accordingly, references 
herein to Units shall be deemed to be references to [[⚫] in 
principal amount of the]/[a number of [⚫]] Securities and all 
references in the Conditions to payments and/or deliveries 
being made in respect of a Security shall be construed to 
such payments and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate Principal 
Amount / Number of Securities in respect of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](insert for fungible issues, 
if applicable)]/[[⚫] per Security]/[⚫] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in respect of 
each Tranche)

--- Page 889 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
857 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable for Notes – 
specify "Not Applicable" for Certificates) 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
 
(For Securities admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be EUR1,000, unless 
any such Securities give the right to acquire any 
transferable securities or to receive a cash amount, as a 
consequence of their being converted or the rights conferred 
by them being exercised, provided that the Issuer is not the 
issuer of the underlying securities or an entity belonging to 
the group of the latter issuer) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and 
French Law Securities which are Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][Unit][per Certificate] 
 
 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one Specified 
Denomination, insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
 
 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does not reflect a 
principal amount, but the term must be specified as it is 
necessary for use in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and other places.) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[⚫]]/[[⚫] Business Days following the Initial Preference 
Share Reference Date, which is expected to be [⚫]] (Specify 
for Preference Share Linked Securities only) 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in respect of 
each Tranche) 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
8. 
[Maturity Date: 
(If the Securities are Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Skew Notes, replace 
"Maturity 
Date" 
above 
with 
"Scheduled Maturity Date") 
[ ⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[⚫]][⚫] where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
 
[The Final Valuation Date] (Specify for Preference Share 
Linked Securities only)] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, 
delete the above and insert the 
following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation Date]

--- Page 890 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
858 
 
 
Settlement Date: 
[ ⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[⚫]][⚫] where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date]] 
9. 
Type of Securities: 
[[Fixed Rate Securities/Floating Rate Securities/CMS Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation 
Rate 
Securities/Interim Performance Interest Securities/Twin 
Win Interim Performance Interest Securities/Reverse 
Interim Performance Interest Securities/Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount/Buy the Dip Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
/Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback Securities [(Memory 
Effect/Without Memory Effect)]]] [The Securities do not 
bear or pay any interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event [does 
not] occur[s] [and]][The Securities do not pay any Coupon 
Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event [does not] occur[s] 
[and]]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are applicable as 
specified in item 14[(iii)] below]  
 
 
The [Securities are Underlying Linked Securities and the] 
Redemption Amount of the Securities is determined in 
accordance with item 14(iv) [and, as the Underlying Linked 
Securities Redemption Provisions are applicable, item 
14(v)] below]  
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities [and/or may be 
Physical Delivery Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the [Maturity 
Date]/[Settlement Date] (subject as provided in the 
Conditions), Securityholders should complete and 
deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with the 
Conditions in any event as it may not be known prior to 
the Cut-off Date whether the Securities will be cash 
settled and/or settled by physical delivery of the 
Entitlement] 
10. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below] 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. (i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI)

--- Page 891 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
859 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
12. Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule apply (subject as provided in any relevant 
Underlying Schedule)][Not Applicable other than as 
specified below in the relation to Early Redemption] 
 
(i) 
Underlying:  
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlyings(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification 
number 
where 
available, 
including 
definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security 
Index/Inflation 
Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual 
Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/[Warrant/]Proprietary Index/Dividend Futures 
Contract/Rate/Preference Share] 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates which are 
published on an Electronic Page may be specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
 
(N.B.: Preference Share Linked Securities may only be 
issued by CGMFL or CGMHI) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange Index][Bond 
Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable

--- Page 892 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
860 
 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation Index 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is specified, 
"No Revision" will be deemed to apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][⚫] [per [insert unit]] of 
[insert commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/(specify other 
source)] [of the [relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] 
Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] 
on [the [relevant] Price Source]] [(specify price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month][Either (i) the [First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant Valuation Date falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity 
Business Days prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day 
of the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures Contract; 
or (B) the first day on which notice of intent to deliver in 
respect of the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures 
Contract may be submitted (howsoever defined in the terms 
of the relevant Futures Contract and/or the rules of the 
relevant Exchange), the [First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall be the 
Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[⚫]

--- Page 893 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
861 
 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share) 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying 
Share 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date]]

--- Page 894 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
862 
 
 
(D) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the value for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the product of [⚫] 
and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] (as numerator) and [[⚫]] (as 
denominator)]]] (delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
- Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- Quote Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- Specified 
Financial Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
- Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified Valuation Date shall be (specify days) prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is scheduled to be 
made under the Securities]] (specify for Dual Currency 
Securities where there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(D) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any fallback 
rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 895 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
863 
 
 
(F) 
Settlement Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement Business 
Days: 
[⚫]  
 
(H) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days  
 
(I) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified Valuation Date shall be [(specify days)] prior to 
(but excluding) each day on which payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities]] (specify for Dual Currency 
Securities where there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(J) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.].] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor: 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in respect of the 
Proprietary Index is the Index Administrator (as defined in 
the Index Conditions)] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
(Specify for each Proprietary Index) [As defined in 
Proprietary Index Condition 1/A Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be an "Index Business Day" as defined in the Index 
Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement price"][see 
specified item [⚫]]  
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [ ⚫] (specify 
each)] [A U.S. Government Securities Business Day]] 
 
[Preference Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Preference 
Share 
Company: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A./[⚫
]] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Preference 
Share 
Reference 
Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Preference Share Conditions 
 
(C) 
Valuation Time: 
[[⚫]/As specified in Preference Share Condition 2]

--- Page 896 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
864 
 
 
(D) 
Preference 
Share 
Valuation Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 
 
(E) 
Autocall 
Observation Date(s): 
[[⚫][,[⚫] and [⚫]] subject as provided in the Preference 
Share Conditions/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each 
type of Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable.) 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment Events 
and Additional Early Redemption Events in respect of each 
type of Underlying, either the Additional Adjustment Events 
or the Additional Early Redemption Events (with the option 
to specify the Early Redemption Amount) must be 
applicable. Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early Redemption 
Events may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment Events should not be disapplied at 
the same time as the Additional Early Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity][Monetisation with Holder Put Option]]/[Best of 
Amount]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)]  
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable:

--- Page 897 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
865 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)][ Monetisation with 
Holder Put Option][Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]]  
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-
off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-
off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]]

--- Page 898 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
866 
 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-off 
date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant Payment 
Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 5: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 899 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
867 
 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)][Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]]

--- Page 900 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
868 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[⚫]/As determined 
by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to the 
Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional futures/options 
contracts)]

--- Page 901 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
869 
 
 
(C) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) applies.] 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following 
order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative Commodity 
Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable where the 
Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 902 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
870 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Corporate 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 903 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
871 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 904 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
872 
 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
De-stapling 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is Applicable: 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 905 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
873 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency] 
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event(s))

--- Page 906 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
874 
 
 
(D) 
Dividend Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of [insert relevant 
Share] as [Interest Underlying(s)[,/and/or] [Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying(s)] [,/and/or] [Redemption 
Underlying(s)] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [⚫] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] [Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [⚫] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start Date is [the Price 
on the Start Date]/[⚫] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [⚫] 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: [⚫]  
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined by 
Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 907 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
875 
 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]

--- Page 908 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
876 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)][Depositary Receipt Condition 4 
– Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 909 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
877 
 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at

--- Page 910 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
878 
 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
ETF 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To specify 
unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being relied on: For 
which purpose, the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each 
ETF Share where there is a basket of ETF Shares)/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 911 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
879 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 912 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
880 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender Offer: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund 
(ETF) 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 913 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
881 
 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)]

--- Page 914 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
882 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM Threshold if different to the 
Conditions)] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger Percentage, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose [⚫] 
shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant party (if 
any))] 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at

--- Page 915 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
883 
 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: [Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, the Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]]  
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 916 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
884 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]

--- Page 917 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
885 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 918 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
886 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 919 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
887 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]

--- Page 920 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
888 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [⚫] 
Secondary Rate: [⚫] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [⚫]] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 921 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
889 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback Reference Rate 
[and the Second Fallback Reference Rate]/ [⚫]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination]

--- Page 922 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
890 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the order 
in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Warrants: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Warrant Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Warrant Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 923 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
891 
 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(C) 
[Component 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] 
 
(D) 
[Component 
Disrupted Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a Component 
shall be a "Disrupted Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
(E) 
[Component 
Scheduled Trading 
Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Scheduled Trading Day" as defined 
for such Component in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(F) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair

--- Page 924 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
892 
 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(G) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(A): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]

--- Page 925 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
893 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 926 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
894 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Underlying RMB Currency 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 927 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
895 
 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB 
Relevant 
 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot 
Rate Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[⚫] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong]] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 928 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
896 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging): Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 
6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Taxation Reasons: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 
6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 929 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
897 
 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 
6(d)][Other] (specify an amount only)] (specify Early 
Redemption Amount here only if "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" is "Not Applicable"; otherwise specify the Early

--- Page 930 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
898 
 
Redemption Amount under "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" below) 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Continuance of Securities 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market Value 
 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: Not Applicable 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: Not 
Applicable 
 
(xiv) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
 
Obligor Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/

--- Page 931 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
899 
 
[Other]] (specify Early Redemption Amount here only if 
"Continuance of Securities Provision" is "Not Applicable"; 
otherwise specify the Early Redemption Amount under 
"Continuance of Securities Provision" below) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xv) 
Event of Default 
[Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity]/[As set 
out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Return Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [The definition in General Condition 
6(e)(iv) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
Amount ) applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY INTEREST AMOUNT, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DELIVERABLE 
(In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, each 
reference below to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest 
Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be changed to (in the case of Certificates) "coupon amount", 
"Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of 
Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium Payment 
Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying".) 
13. Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Securities do not 
bear or pay interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event, 
repeat item and insert: In respect of (insert 
Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event or Interest 
Lock-in Event as applicable):] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s), 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
[See Table below] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 932 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
900 
 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified 
Interest 
Barrier Observation Date: 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred][the 
Performance-Linked 
Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Interest Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [ ⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, specify for each Interest Underlying) 
 
[Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ⚫] (where a 
different Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date 
applies for any Interest Underlying, specify for 
each Interest Underlying)] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amounts or Interest 
Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: In respect of 
(insert Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event, 
Interest Amount or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[⚫]] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Interest Underlying shall be an 
Interim Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify

--- Page 933 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
901 
 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any Interest Underlying/The Interim 
Performance Underlying/Each Interest Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] Interest 
Underlyings/Not Applicable)] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 934 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
902 
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [ ⚫] equal [highest / lowest]) 
Interim Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 935 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
903 
 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
highest)]] (repeat and complete this subparagraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 936 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
904 
 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
lowest)] (repeat and complete this subparagraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 937 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
905 
 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 938 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
906 
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 939 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
907 
 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 940 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
908 
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim

--- Page 941 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
909 
 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 942 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
910 
 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 943 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
911 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 944 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
912 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 945 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
913 
 
 
X. 
Underlying Return 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Cap 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Performance Percentage: 
[⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Performance (Barrier 
Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if 
necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%]

--- Page 946 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
914 
 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
1. 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat, as necessary, for 
each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to a 
[Maximum Period Performance] [and] [Minimum 
Period Performance] [of [ ⚫]%] [and [ ⚫]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
A is equal to [⚫].]

--- Page 947 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
915 
 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
[Insert 
the 
following 
if 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies:

--- Page 948 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
916 
 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XII. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Highest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Lowest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [⚫]

--- Page 949 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
917 
 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: [⚫]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable delete remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 950 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
918 
 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Date/Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike 
Date IPD/ Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date 
IVD/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) for each Interest Underlying)] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(repeat this subparagraph as necessary in respect 
of each Interest Barrier Event and Performance-
Linked Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[Interest Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation Dates] (specify for each Interest 
Underlying) 
(repeat 
this 
sub-paragraph 
as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(v) 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 951 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
919 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Interest Underlying, as appropriate): [Interest 
Barrier Event European Observation/ Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Interest Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (repeat sub paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-
In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Lookback 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only in 
respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in respect 
of the following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]] 
[Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
[Without 
Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
 
III. 
Multi-Chance 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
Range Accrual Determination Date means 
[Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 952 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
920 
 
 
 
Range Accrual Move in Block Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Cut-off Number means [⚫] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[[⚫] in each year]/[⚫] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
IV. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [⚫]][As set out in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule] 
 
V. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [⚫]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Interest Amount)] 
 
VI. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies where 
the Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
VII. [Determination Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 953 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
921 
 
 
I. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/ [ ⚫] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
II. 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ other (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Manner in which the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination]  
 
IV. 
Party responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
VI. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[insert 
currency][EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/R
OBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR][BBSW (being the Sydney 
average 
mid 
rate 
for 
AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)][BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[(Specify e.g. any relevant Valuation Date(s))/[[⚫]] 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [[⚫]] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period/First day of each 
Interest Period/[[⚫]] day on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
VII. 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation 
to Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021

--- Page 954 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
922 
 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions) 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[ ⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating Rate 
Option, an Overnight Floating Rate Option which 
has an Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method or a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
option) [The first day of the next following Interest 
Period (other than the Final Interest Period, in 
which case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first 
option if Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 
Definitions and the second option under the 2006 
Definitions) [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period 
End Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such 
dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [⚫] (specify 
any other adjustment that should apply) 
 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 955 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
923 
 
 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback 
or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [⚫]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day 
of the next following Interest Period or in the case 
of the final Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] 
(Only include if the 2006 Definitions apply and the 
specified Floating Rate Option is a Published 
Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 956 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
924 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
• 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index 
Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded Index Method/Compounded Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is to 
be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]

--- Page 957 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
925 
 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not apply: 
Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] [Insert where Index Determination 
applies: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date for which purpose 
"Relevant Number" means [insert number being 
two or greater]] [⚫][As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
IX. 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/SOFR OIS Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift][As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify not applicable where Index Determination 
is applicable) 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days][As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date][As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End

--- Page 958 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
926 
 
Date and Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] 
 
• 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
X. 
Linear Interpolation:
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
XI. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate]/[ISDA Rate]/[SONIA Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR  
Floating Rate]/[SOFR Index Floating Rate][[+/-][⚫
] per cent. per annum] 
 
XII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] (insert 
for Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
 
XIII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] (insert 
for Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
 
XIV. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] (May be selected only if 
the 2006 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 4 for 
alternatives and, where applicable, match Day 
Count Fraction set out in the ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix) 
 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 959 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
927 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) in relation to 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 8(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
III. 
Party responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.7 (Definitions) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Definitions) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫]

--- Page 960 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
928 
 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
• 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
VII. 
Margin [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
X. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 961 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
929 
 
 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Interest Participation 
Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
XIII. 
Interest Participation 
Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as applicable) 
for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1 / 
Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][⚫
] per cent. per annum] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is more than one Margin 
1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[
⚫
]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required)

--- Page 962 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
930 
 
 
 
(D) 
Spread Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) in 
relation to 
Spread 
Securities: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General Condition 
8(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if required) 
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VI.  
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table below)

--- Page 963 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
931 
 
 
VII. 
Relevant Spread 
Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
V% 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
VIII. 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)  
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and,

--- Page 964 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
932 
 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)  
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 3 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
or SOFR Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)  
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is determined 
by reference to provisions relating to Spread Security 
or specified as Spread Reference Rate)

--- Page 965 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
933 
 
 
XIII. 
[Spread 
Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA, 
Determination 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required)]  
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: 
(delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination is applicable) [Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table below) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)]

--- Page 966 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
934 
 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last day 
of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or 
a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The first 
day of the next following Interest Period (other than 
the Final Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date 
will be the [Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears 
Setting] (Specify the first option if Arrears Setting 
applies under the 2021 Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, 
in which case delete the reference to Business Day

--- Page 967 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
935 
 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating 
to Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [⚫] (specify any 
other adjustment that should apply) 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Business Day (for the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[⚫]] 
 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method" 
or 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
 
 
 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 968 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
936 
 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ⚫]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable Business Days 
preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] (Only include 
if the 2006 Definitions apply and the specified 
Floating Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[ ⚫]] (Only relevant where an "Observation Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or "Index Provisions" 
are specified as Applicable. If not included this will 
be the denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] Compounded 
Index Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction)

--- Page 969 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
937 
 
 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to which 
this applies and the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the ISDA 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate [1]"] (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert heading "CMS Reference Rate 
1") 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert this column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[-Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap 
Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum Reference Rate) [Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum Reference Rate) [Maximum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below)

--- Page 970 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
938 
 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
[Margin (Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted 
in accordance with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[No] 
[Option 
One] 
/ 
[Spread Cap] applicable 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. per annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
(insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[Spread 
Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread 
Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread Rate 3 Margin", "Spread 
Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) and/or 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Range Accrual 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))]

--- Page 971 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
939 
 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(C) 
above] 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1) is different for 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
insert 
the 
Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual

--- Page 972 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
940 
 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper 
Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is

--- Page 973 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
941 
 
Observation is 
applicable) 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
2:] 
(insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
2 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 974 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
942 
 
if Lower Range 
2 is specified) 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2):] 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
VIII. 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where more than one Reference Rate 
whether the Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period]

--- Page 975 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
943 
 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 3 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
3 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 3]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 3] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out in below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3):] 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)]

--- Page 976 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
944 
 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
IX. 
Lev: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Adj: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Cap: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
RA Floor: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Protected Range 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each 
relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below)] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if 
the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
XVI. 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date]  
(the "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business Days preceding 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five Accrual Days 
if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ⚫] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable]

--- Page 977 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
945 
 
(Include where Reference Observation is a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
XVIII. Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
XXI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate: 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 978 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
946 
 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table below) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Screen 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
ISDA 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 979 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
947 
 
[ISDA 
Determination: 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last day 
of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or 
a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The first 
day of the next following Interest Period (other than 
the Final Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date 
will be the [Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears 
Setting] (Specify the first option if Arrears Setting 
applies under the 2021 Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, 
in which case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating 
to Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [⚫] (specify any 
other adjustment that should apply)

--- Page 980 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
948 
 
 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[⚫]] 
 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method" 
or 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ⚫]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)

--- Page 981 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
949 
 
 
- [Average Rate Fixing 
Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable Business Days 
preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] (Only include 
if the 2006 Definitions apply and the specified 
Floating Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[⚫] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
ISDA 
Rate):] (delete 
[⚫]

--- Page 982 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
950 
 
if 
not 
applicable) 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
ISDA 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert 
if 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate) 
[CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] (Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination  
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate  
is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Maximum 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 983 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
951 
 
Reference Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate:
 
 
 
 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Forward Rate] 
[Specified Time] 
Compounding 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General Condition 8(h) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[⚫] month [(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]][insert 
details of implied 
forward rate] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
[SONIA/SOFR 
Floating Rate 
Deterimination 
applies] 
(If applicable, include 
Compounding Table 
below) 
Compounding Table

--- Page 984 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
952 
 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Rate 
Page 
Compounding 
Method 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinatio
n 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Dates 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 
8(h) (Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR]  
[⚫] [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] 
[SOFR] [OIS 
Compounding/Co
mpounding with 
Lookback/Compo
unding with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] [
⚫][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫][As 
specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped 
Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored 
Rate: [⚫]%] 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫]/ [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ [+/-][⚫] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference rate][one[s]] 
[reference rate][two[s]] 
[Specified Rate 1] 
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different 
for each Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period if 
different 
(insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
and if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 
2 and Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Interest 
Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Upper 
Range 1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observation 2]* 
[Upper Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Upper 
Range 3]

--- Page 985 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
953 
 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]* 
[Reference 
Observation 
3]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", "Reference Observation 2" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each 
Interest Period if different. 
 
(insert table below if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 8(h) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [⚫] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [⚫] month[s] 
[(the Designated Maturity) 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New 
Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate Option: [⚫]] 
month[s] (the Designated 
Maturity) [⚫]] 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] (the Designated 
Maturity) [EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: [⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period

--- Page 986 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
954 
 
 
(F) 
Inflation Rate Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Amount 
Inflation Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
II.  
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
III. 
UCL 
Numerator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[⚫] months/[⚫] [Reference Month: 
[⚫]]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by inserting 
a table below as appropriate) 
 
IV. 
UCL 
Denominator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[⚫] months/[⚫] [Reference Month: 
[⚫]]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by inserting 
a table below as appropriate) 
 
V. 
UCL 
Adjustment: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date):] [[+/-][⚫]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by inserting 
a table below as appropriate) 
 
VI. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
[VII. 
IPR: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: [Twin 
Win/Reverse] Interim Performance Security][if an 
Interest Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(H) 
Buy the Dip Securities 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Coupon Rate: [[⚫] per cent.]/[See Table below]  
 
(I) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 987 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
955 
 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable][The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable] [The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(d)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] 
Strike Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s)/[UCL 
Numerator] 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Level 
[2] 
(%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in 
Level 
(%)/[UCL 
Adjustment 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date/[UCL 
Denominator] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] 
[and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minimu
m 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Ra
te] 
if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect 
of 
the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[and 
the relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minim
um Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/
Interest 
Adjustment/Z
%/Coupon 
Rate] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫]  
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
and 
Interest 
Period, where 
different and as 
appropriate) 
[[⚫]  
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[greater 
than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[greater than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [ ⚫]% 
and less than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[⚫]] [greater 
than] 
[greater than 
or equal to] 
[less 
than] 
[greater 
than 
(or equal to) [
⚫]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [ ⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[[⚫] 
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [⚫
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
[[[ ⚫][%] 
[per annum 
payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-
annually 
/ 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly 
/ 
other 
(specify)]] in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [
⚫]] above] 
[The amount 
(if 
any) 
[IPR: [⚫]] 
[FX 
Performance [
⚫]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[ ⚫] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
Interest

--- Page 988 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
956 
 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)][ ⚫
]]  
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% 
of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[⚫] (specify 
where 
different for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance
-Linked 
Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[UCL 
Adjustment: [
⚫]] 
Disrupted Day 
[for 
any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / [
⚫
] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or 
more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[ ⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where 
the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each 
case, 
specify 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
determined 
as provided 
in Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] 
if an Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / 
[ ⚫] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [
⚫] Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
[or (ii) if an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [
⚫] [or more] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
(specify 
for 
the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) where the 
Securities 
are 
Multi-
Chance 
Securities] 
(in 
each 
case, specify 
as necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
Adjustment: [
⚫]. 
Barrier Event 
Not 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫].]] 
[Z: [⚫]%]  
(in each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where 
an 
interest barrier 
event 
has 
occurred 
or 
has 
not 
occurred, 
if 
applicable) 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable 
columns as necessary where there are different Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates 
resulting in different Interest Amounts payable) 
 
 
14. Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫]]

--- Page 989 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
957 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(i)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent). 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
(Repeat as necessary) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(ii)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may

--- Page 990 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
958 
 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
 
(iii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation 
Date, 
Lower 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Upper 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified MER Barrier 
Observation Date, MER 
Amount, 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount and 
Lower Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, MERPR Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date, 
MER 
Coupon, 
MER 
Coupon Payment Date 
(as relevant): 
See Table below 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not Applicable][⚫] [and 
[⚫]]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but excluding) [(and including)] [⚫]] (where a 
different Specified Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date applies for any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying) 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] 
(where a different Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date applies for any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)]

--- Page 991 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
959 
 
 
[Specified Early Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s)]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for 
all the [Early Exit MER Barrier Underlyings] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings] which is 
not a Disrupted Day [for any [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying]] from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] 
[⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and including)][⚫]]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
Mandatory Early Redemption, 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions and levels 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying: 
[[⚫]] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying shall be an Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event) 
 
(C) 
[Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or, as the case may be, each Early Exit MER 
Barrier Event)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 992 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
960 
 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 993 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
961 
 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [ ⚫] 
highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 994 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
962 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 995 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
963 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 996 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
964 
 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table below/[
⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Date, MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 997 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
965 
 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption

--- Page 998 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
966 
 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with [ ⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 999 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
967 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1000 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
968 
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1001 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
969 
 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1002 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
970 
 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with [ ⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1003 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
971 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III.  
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1004 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
972 
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] [and] 
[the Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
[if a MER Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date/Closing Level on MER Re 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in table form, 
where appropriate, for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will need 
to be included) 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
[MER Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1005 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
973 
 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether a MER Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance 
Amount] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] [Closing Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, MER Underlying and/or Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Observation 
[(for which purpose: Autocall Memory Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Closing Level/Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day 
Level/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level [(for which purpose: Autocall Memory 
Event: Applicable/Not Applicable)]/Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Target Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event and, for which 
purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Capped) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount)

--- Page 1006 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
974 
 
[[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount 
Due on Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[Include 
Any 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
Applicable 
(delete 
if 
not 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset MER Barrier 
Level or Latest Reset MER Barrier Level:  
Reset MER Floor Level: [ ⚫]/[See Table 
below] 
[Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Strike Level of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[⚫
]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Date 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date 
and/or MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[(B) 
Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event European Observation/Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event American Observation – Closing Level/ Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event American One-

--- Page 1007 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
975 
 
Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event]:] 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Level: [ ⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Date, 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying and/or Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable))] 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Underlying and/or MER Date]:] [Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Underlying and/or MER 
Date) 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or equal to] 
[less than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫]%] [of [the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying / [ ⚫] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate where different for different Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings)]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying and/or MER Date) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount

--- Page 1008 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
976 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage is Not 
Applicable: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See MER 
Amount in Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage 
is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below/Not Applicable] 
 
II.  
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount/See Table 
below Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable]   
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 1009 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
977 
 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]]  [[⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – 
Put 
Spread 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1010 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
978 
 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1011 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
979 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(D) 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Snowball 
Accrual Rate: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Snowball 
Accrual Relevant 
Percentage: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Denominator: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Snowball 
Accrual Period: 
[The period commencing on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] and ending on [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] [the first Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date in respect of 
which a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred]] 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
V. 
Snowball 
Accrual Day: 
[Each calendar day]/[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[(E) 
Early Exit MER Amount: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [⚫]/See Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Date]:] [See MER Coupon in Table below/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable][The 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)

--- Page 1012 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
980 
 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/[ ⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable]  
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified 
MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
Valuation 
Date 
[Early 
Exit] 
[Lower 
/ 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier 
Level (%) 
[Reset 
MER 
Floor 
Level (%) 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date 
MER 
Amount/ 
Upper 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount/ 
Early Exit 
MER 
Amount 
MERPR 
(%) 
[Mandato
ry 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Performa
nce 
Provisions 
MER Date [MER 
Coupon 
[MER 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[Insert 
as 
appropriat
e - For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify for 
each MER 
Underlying 
where 
different)] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day for the 
MER 
Underlying 
which 
is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day for the 
MER 
Underlying 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day [for all 
the 
MER 
Underlying
s which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Underlying
] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫] 
/Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level 
/Latest 
Reset MER 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Not 
Applicable
]/ 
[⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriat
e - For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day [for all 
the 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlying
s] which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Barrier 
Underlying
] 
from 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[
⚫
]/[Perform
ance-
Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Amount]/[
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount]  
[(subject to 
a 
[Maximum 
Amount]/[
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount] 
(cap) of [⚫
]] 
[and] 
[subject to 
a 
[Minimum 
Amount]/[
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n Amount] 
(floor) of [
⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriat
e - For the 
purpose of 
determinin
g [whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redemptio
n Amount 
[if a MER 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Call and [
⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
[Single 
Underlying 
Observatio
n/Weighte
d 
Basket 
Observatio
n/ Best of 
Basket 
Observatio
n /Worst of 
Basket 
Observatio
n/Outperfo
rmance 
Observatio
n]] 
[ ⚫] 
/ 
[[Five]/[ ⚫
] Business 
Days 
following 
the 
first 
MER 
Barrier 
Observatio
n Date in 
respect of 
which 
a 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemptio
n 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in respect 
of any FX 
Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number of 
Settlement 
Business 
Days 
following 
the 
[last 
occurring] 
MER 
Valuation 
Date 
relating to 
[Not 
Applicable
] [⚫]] 
[
⚫
] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention
]]/[not 
adjusted]]

--- Page 1013 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
981 
 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[ ⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] 
[⚫]] 
such MER 
Date] 
 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) 
(repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as necessary where there are different MER 
events or Early Exit MER Barrier Events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in 
different MER amounts, Early Exit MER amounts and/or MER coupons payable) 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security/See item (v) below] 
 
(v) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph or, if the Securities 
are Preference Share Linked Securities, delete all 
the following sub paragraphs of this paragraph 
except the sub paragraph entitled "Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption Amount in respect of Preference Share 
Linked Securities") 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled Trading Day [for all 
the Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption Underlying] 
from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)][⚫]]] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [(insert in respect of Buy the Dip 
Securities) the Redemption Amount]:] [[⚫]] [[⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] [Expiry Date]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked to 
Dividend Futures Contracts where the Relevant 
Price for the Specified Final Valuation Date is

--- Page 1014 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
982 
 
specified to be the "final settlement price" in item 
12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Strike Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying, Redemption 
Barrier Event or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]]/ Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the 
relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a Disrupted 
Day for that Redemption Underlying from [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)] [⚫]] [Not Applicable] 
(where a different Specified Redemption Strike Date 
applies 
for 
any 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption Barrier Event and/or Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount, repeat and specify for 
each Redemption Underlying, Redemption Barrier 
Event and/or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount, as appropriate)] [Not Applicable] 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike Date(s) 
below] 
 
[Specified 
Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ⚫] (where a 
different Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike 
Date applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
specify for each Redemption Underlying)] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
redemption, Final Performance 
provisions and levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Redemption Underlying shall be 
the Final Outperformance [A/B] Underlying 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary)

--- Page 1015 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
983 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1016 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
984 
 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
[Redemption Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out bel
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1017 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
985 
 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., 
the highest)]]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1018 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
986 
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., 
the lowest)]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1019 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
987 
 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below:

--- Page 1020 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
988 
 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1021 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
989 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1022 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
990 
 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1023 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
991 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out bel
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1024 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
992 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1025 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
993 
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic 
Mean 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1026 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
994 
 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – 
Single Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – 
Single Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: [⚫]]] 
 
Single Cap – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable:  
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold 
Percentage: [⚫]%

--- Page 1027 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
995 
 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single Target Redemption (Barrier): [Barrier 
Event Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis Final Underlying Performance Percentage: [
⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat for each Best 
Oasis 
Performer, 
as 
appropriate, up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)]  
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)]

--- Page 1028 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
996 
 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Final Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject 
to a [Maximum Final Period Performance] [and] 
[Minimum Final Period Performance] [of [⚫]%] 
[and [⚫]%, respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
C is equal to [⚫] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1029 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
997 
 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]]  
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final Performance 
Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: [Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (delete remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph if N/A)  
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] [Cliquet C 
(Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet B 
Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return

--- Page 1030 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
998 
 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor: [⚫
]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Final 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1031 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
999 
 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best 
of/Worst 
of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Redemption Strike Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Closing 
Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD/Lowest 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) for each Redemption Underlying)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1032 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1000 
 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level 
on Final Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption Strike Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [and] [the [Final Performance]/[⚫] 
in respect thereof] [and] [I/i]n respect of (insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying):] (repeat and 
complete this subparagraph as necessary for each 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
each 
purpose 
of 
determining whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred and/or each 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred and/or the determination of any 
[Final Performance]/[ ⚫] in respect thereof) 
[Redemption Initial Level/[ ⚫]/The Redemption 
Strike Level specified for each Redemption 
Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
[⚫] 
[Insert as appropriate - For 
the purpose of determining 
[whether 
a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred [and] [the 
[Final Performance]/[⚫] in 
respect thereof]:] 
[ ⚫] Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying, each relevant 
determination whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and/or 
each 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred and/or the determination of any [Final 
Performance]/[⚫] in respect thereof)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1033 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1001 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate - In respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Redemption Barrier 
Event European Observation/Redemption Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Reference 
Level 
Observation]][Target Redemption Barrier Event 
and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Redemption Threshold Amount: (specify 
aggregate amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount Due on 
Maturity Date] 
[Include Any Non-Contingent Interest Amount: 
Applicable (delete if not applicable)]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [[⚫]%/Reset Final Barrier 
Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier Level] [greater 
than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the Lower Final 
Barrier Level] [being the Upper Final Barrier 
Level] [and] [or] [less than] [less than (or equal to)] 
[[⚫]%] [being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [being 
the Lower Final Barrier Level] [of [the [sum of the] 
Redemption Initial Level of the [relevant] 
Redemption Barrier Underlying[s]/ [⚫] (specify, in 
table format, where appropriate, where different 
for different Redemption Barrier Underlyings)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset Final Barrier Level or 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level:  
[Reset Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final 
Barrier Level]: Applicable 
FBL Reset Floor Level: [⚫] 
[FBL 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance Product]/[Reference 
Level] Applicable]

--- Page 1034 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1002 
 
[FBL 
Performance 
Product 
Base 
Level: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s)]/[Redemption Strike Level 
of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s)]/[⚫]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if appropriate. 
In respect of [insert relevant MER Date and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] [The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/The Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying (subject to a minimum of [
⚫] Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(specify, in table format, where appropriate, where 
different 
for 
different 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
redemption 
amount 
due 
or 
entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is Not 
Applicable and the Redemption 
Amount is a Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin Win] [Market 
timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] [Swaption] 
Provisions]/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is 
Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities, physical delivery of any Relevant Asset 
must be made in compliance with the provisions of 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended and the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which purpose 
the Intermediary is [[The Calculation Agent] / [[⚫]] 
[Insert contact details for delivery of Asset Transfer 
Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure 
to 
Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Valuation and 
Settlement

--- Page 1035 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1003 
 
Condition 
5(a)(F) (Failure 
to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity)) 
 
III. 
Aggregation of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each Relevant 
Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[⚫] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
VI. 
Entitlement 
Calculation 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places  
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Event [Final Performance 
FPU] [Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ⚫] [[each [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event Final Performance FPU applies)] 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Upper 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum]

--- Page 1036 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1004 
 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] 
[repeat as applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred and a 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
not 
occurred]] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option Provisions] [Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery apply if a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred and no Redemption Lower 
Barrier Event is specified][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Performance FPU]  
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Underlying 
Closing Level]  
[Gemini Event 
The Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date[s] 
will be [⚫]. 
The Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date[s] will 
be [⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all 
the Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
[Lower] Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)]

--- Page 1037 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1005 
 
[(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]].] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ⚫] [[each] [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
[Lower] Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable]]  
(N.B.: 
Specify 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event Final Performance FPU 
applies)] 
 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
(G) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
a 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Non 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery apply if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and a 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event has not 
occurred]] 
 
Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount:

--- Page 1038 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1006 
 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable]  
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1039 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1007 
 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫] [If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Call Spread - Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper]

--- Page 1040 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1008 
 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
XIV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] [and [ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]]/ Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the 
relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a Disrupted 
Day for that Redemption Underlying from [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [⚫]] (where a different 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[Lowest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day Level 
on Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates] 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper]

--- Page 1041 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1009 
 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Market Timer 
Percentage: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Market Timer 
Percentage 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[⚫]%] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1042 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1010 
 
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [⚫] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] [⚫]% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Buy the Dip 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial Cash Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Equity 
Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Trigger Event(i): 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
TABLE 
i 
Equity Allocation(i) 
Trigger Level(i) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
/[[⚫]% of the Initial 
Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Underlying] (specify 
where different for 
different 
Trigger 
Event(i), 
as 
applicable) 
(specify where relevant) 
 
(D) 
Cash Participation(Final) 
Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Period Final 
End Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Observation Day(Final): 
[The final Interest Valuation Date]/[Final Valuation 
Date]/[⚫] 
 
Redemption Underlying Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1043 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1011 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]]  
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption Amount in respect of 
Preference 
Share 
Linked 
Securities 
[Applicable – The Securities are Preference Share 
Linked Securities] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation 
Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Preference Share 
Valuation Date 
 
Split Payment Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment 
Conditions) 
(CRE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment 
Conditions) 
(EE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Split 
Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Override 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Split 
Payment 
Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1044 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1012 
 
 
(G) 
CRE 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
CRE Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
CRE Coupon: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
CRE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the CRE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(K) 
EE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the EE applicable in 
respect of relevant Interest Payment Date(s), 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s), Redemption 
Date or other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(L) 
CRE 
Adjusted 
Calculation Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9.5] 
 
(M) 
EE Adjusted Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9.5] 
15. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest Provisions 
[and][the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
[and][the 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions]/Not Applicable] (repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫
] for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(B) Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1045 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1013 
 
 
(C) Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate C 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate C 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫
] for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(E) Cross Rate II Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) Cross Rate II Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
16. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX Perf 
Rate shall be [the Underlying designated as such in 
item 12(ii) above/determined as set out below and 
in the definition of FX Performance in the 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(if not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per item 
12(ii), delete sub paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency: 
[[ ⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [ ⚫] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫
] for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)]/Not 
Applicable as FX Perf Cross Rate applies] (if Not 
Applicable, delete remaining sub paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX 
Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed as the 
number of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX 
Perf Cross Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the 
number of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1046 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1014 
 
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[ ⚫] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, 
as 
required) 
[[last 
occurring] 
Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] 
Strike 
Date (specify each as relevant where different dates 
apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, 
as 
required) 
[[last 
occurring] 
Specified [Interest][MER][Final] Valuation Date 
(specify each as relevant where different dates 
apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
17. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes][Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes][Index 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local Access Credit Linked Notes] 
 
[– 
Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit Linked Principal]/[Credit Linked Interest]] 
(Only include if 'Single Name Credit Linked Notes' 
is applicable) 
(ii) 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction Redemption][Cash Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Fixed Recovery Redemption] 
[- 
Fallback Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable. 
Only include for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption][LA 
Physical 
Redemption][LA Fixed Recovery Redemption]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[⚫] per cent.][100 per cent.]] (Delete 
this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable. This will not be applicable for 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[⚫] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable. This

--- Page 1047 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1015 
 
will not be applicable for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[⚫] as specified in paragraph[s] [⚫] (cross 
refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xi) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[⚫] as specified in paragraph[s] [⚫] (cross 
refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a sovereign, 
include the following additional information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity or, if 
different from the registered office, its main 
administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, and 
legal form which it has adopted under such 
legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; and 
name of the stock exchange or of another regulated 
market which is regularly operating, recognised 
and open to the public where the shares and other 
securities of the Reference Entity are admitted) 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation 
below if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply.)

--- Page 1048 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1016 
 
 
- 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method and 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(xiii) 
Nth-to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction Type and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1049 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1017 
 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in the Appendix 1 hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. 
Insert 
the 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫]Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
Auction 
Redemption 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
(xiv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1050 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1018 
 
 
- 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount 
and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in the Appendix 1 hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. 
Insert 
the 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
- 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash

--- Page 1051 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1019 
 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [⚫] Version] 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
– 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if

--- Page 1052 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1020 
 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [⚫] Version] 
 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size]

--- Page 1053 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1021 
 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold 
Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix as published, in 
Appendix 1 hereto][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount: 
[⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xvii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
- 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
– 
- 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount 
and Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto](Insert if 'Index' is 
applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional  
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1054 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1022 
 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold 
Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point] 
- 
Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xviii) Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maturity date of 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1055 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1023 
 
 
- 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[ ⚫][The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
- 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
Interest Payment Date, in 
each 
case, 
subject 
as 
provided in the Credit 
Linked Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
- 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: [Inconvertibility Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Risk 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
- 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
Physical 
Redemption 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable)

--- Page 1056 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1024 
 
 
(xix) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xx) 
Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
- 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Domestic Currency" in the Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed]

--- Page 1057 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1025 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [⚫] years (Specify if default 
is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable 
for each Reference Entity other than those 
determined by reference to Obligation Category 
and Obligation Characteristics]] 
 
- 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
60 
Business 
Day 
Cap 
on 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the 
Hellenic 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1058 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1026 
 
 
(xxx) 
Additional Provisions for Senior, 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If "Applicable", 
please specify for each Reference Entity)  
 
(xxxi) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
(xxxii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [⚫ or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the occurrence 
of the relevant failure to pay] [OR] [As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
- 
Credit Deterioration 
Condition: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not necessary to 
specify "Applicable" as the default position under 
the Credit Linked Conditions is for a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to apply]

--- Page 1059 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1027 
 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] 
(xxxiii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[⚫] [Number of days] prior to] [Trade Date][Issue 
Date][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xxxiv) Standard Event Determination 
Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxv) Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Event 
Determination Date Version B as applicable where 
the hedging CDS has only one Notifying Party (i.e. 
"Buyer" or "Seller" is specified as the Notifying 
Party). Otherwise specify "Not Applicable" and the 
Event Determination Date provisions which are 
equivalent to having two Notifying Parties under a 
CDS will apply] 
(xxxvi) Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xxxvii) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
- 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[⚫] Business Days and each [⚫] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average 
Market][Lowest] 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16(a)(ii)(C))]

--- Page 1060 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1028 
 
 
(xxxix) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
- 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
[Include Accrued 
Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
- 
Fallback Cash 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xl) 
Partial Cash Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
(Delete this row for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xli) 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify] [As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions], being as of the [Trade 
Date][Effective Date][Specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
 
(xlii) 
[Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
(xliii) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Merger Redemption 
Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount] [Each Note's pro rata 
share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xliv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
18. 
Index Skew Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(iv) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.

--- Page 1061 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1029 
 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(v) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Eligible Index: 
[[⚫] (Specify Index name)] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] 
 
– 
Relevant Annex: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] [incorporating the [⚫] (Specify 
name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Original 
Notional 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Eligible Index, as set out in Appendix 2 hereto. 
 
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [⚫] – [[⚫] 
(Specify date of publication)] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[⚫] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication, if 
applicable)]] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Hypothetical Single Name Set, as set out in 
Appendix 2 hereto.

--- Page 1062 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1030 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
19. 
Form of Securities: 
[Registered Securities 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate 
[(U.S.$[ ⚫] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for Euroclear 
France]/Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificate [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered 
in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Securities - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which apply to the Securities)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Securities – insert details (including 
details of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent]] 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are French Law Securities, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the following: 
 
[Form of Securities: 
[French Bearer Securities (au porteur) / French 
Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)]  
 
Representation of Securityholders / 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse ] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if 
any, and their remuneration. Otherwise, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Name and address of the initial Representative: [⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] 
/ [The Representative will receive a remuneration 
of [⚫]]. 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [
⚫] 
[The alternate Representative will receive no 
remuneration] / [The alternate Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [⚫]]. 
[As long as the French Law Securities are held by a 
single Securityholder such Securityholder will  
exercise directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative 
and 
General 
Meetings 
of 
Securityholders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when the French

--- Page 1063 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1031 
 
Law Securities of a Series are held by more than 
one Securityholder.] 
 
Identification 
information 
of  
Securityholders in relation to French Law 
Securities (General Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day) 
22. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment) 
23. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) apply] 
24. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 14 (Further Issues) apply 
25. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, 
the 
CGMHI 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor) apply] 
 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
26. 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [⚫] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at [⚫]] 
27. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent. If 
no 
Determination 
Agent 
is 
specified, 
the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation 
Agent)]  
28. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC)" is applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where the 
Securities are French Law Securities)

--- Page 1064 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1032 
 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Amount Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Determinations and Exercise of 
Discretion (BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Securities are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium) 
31. 
Additional provisions applicable to 
Italian Listed Certificates: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) 
for the purposes of [Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[EuroTLX]: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Record Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Applicable in respect of Italian Listed 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on SeDeX 
and/or EuroTLX only. The Minimum Trading Lot is 
as determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) 
32. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]]

--- Page 1065 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1033 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3)  is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
33. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[⚫]]   
[Reference 
Rate 
Event 
(Limb 
(iii)): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [⚫
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.1) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
34. 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
amount of each Instalment Amount 
(including any maximum or minimum 
Instalment Amount), date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[IA Adjusted Calculation Amount: [[ ⚫]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised]35  
 
 
35 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 1066 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1034 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the [Tranche [⚫]] Securities to 
be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
[Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the 
Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries/the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT)]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") / the multilateral 
trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX")]]/[the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG)]]/[the multilateral trading facility of the Vienna 
MTF 
of 
the 
Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of the NASDAQ 
Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/[the 
multilateral trading facility of the International 
Securities 
Market 
of 
the 
London 
Stock 
Exchange]/[the multilateral trading facility of the 
SPECTRUM] [and to listing on [the official list of 
[Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the 
Spanish 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
Italian 
Stock 
Exchange]] [the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial 
Market Freiverkehr) of the [Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]]/[the Vienna Stock 
Exchange] with effect from on or around [⚫] [of the 
Tranche [⚫] Securities]] [Not Applicable]  
(where the Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on more than one exchange, repeat as 
necessary) 
(the Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, EuroTLX, the 
International Securities Market and SPECTRUM 
are not regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID 
II) 
 
 
[Tranche [⚫] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Dublin/Euronext 
Paris/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/ the 
Association of Financial Assets Intermediaries/ the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT)]/[the multilateral 
trading facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") / the multilateral 
trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX")]]/[the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the

--- Page 1067 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1035 
 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]] 
[the multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF 
of the Vienna Stock Exchange]/ [the multilateral 
trading facility of the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB]/ [the multilateral trading 
facility of the International Securities Market of the 
London Stock Exchange]/ [the multilateral trading 
facility of the SPECTRUM] [and to listing on the 
official list of [Euronext Dublin/Euronext Paris/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB/the Spanish Stock Exchange/the 
Italian Stock Exchange] [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG)]]/[the Vienna Stock Exchange] with effect 
from [⚫]/[[⚫] of the Tranche [⚫] Securities]] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Securities are already admitted to trading) 
(the Vienna MTF, NASDAQ Stockholm MTF, the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX, EuroTLX, the 
International Securities Market and SPECTRUM 
are not regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID 
II) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 1068 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1036 
 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. [As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.[ As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation.]] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the European Union by the relevant market 
participants.]

--- Page 1069 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1037 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the UK CRA 
Regulation). The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant UK-registered 
credit rating agency entity] in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK-registered credit rating agency entity] 
is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.[ As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant UK credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation.]] The 
Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
UK CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation) but it [is]/[has applied to 
be] certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the UK CRA 
Regulation) but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial

--- Page 1070 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1038 
 
Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation] 
[[OR:] although notification of the corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-UK credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the United Kingdom and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the Financial Conduct Authority [and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation). 
However, 
the 
application for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website

--- Page 1071 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1039 
 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non- UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the UK CRA 
Regulation). 
However, 
the 
application 
for 
registration under the UK CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant  UK credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the United Kingdom, disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-UK credit rating agency 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant UK credit rating agency entity] 
is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its 
website (https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-
agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/the 
UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/ 
Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the 
European 
Union 
by 
the 
relevant 
market 
participants.]] 
 
 
The Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/ 
Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant UK CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the United Kingdom by 
the relevant market participants.]]] 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup Inc. 
then insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity and the status of its application 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA 
Regulation (as applicable)] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 1072 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1040 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the Dealer[s]/the Distributors/[⚫
]]/Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"]], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the 
Offer. [The [Dealers/Distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor]36 [and the CGMFL Guarantor]37 and [its/their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/[⚫
]/[The 
Securities 
are 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Social Finance Bonds]. [insert further 
particulars 
if 
different 
from 
"Investment 
Considerations" section]]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
(Where the Securities are Green Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of any 
Eligible Green Assets, where necessary) 
(Where the Securities are Social Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of the 
affordable housing 
assets, 
where 
necessary. 
Securities may only be Social Bonds if Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
(Where the Securities are Social Finance Bonds, 
include further particulars, including a description 
of any Social Finance Assets, where necessary. 
Securities may only be Social Finance Bonds if 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[⚫] 
(For retail securities, if proceeds are intended for 
more than one use will need to split out and present 
in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[⚫] 
 
36 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
37 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1073 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1041 
 
(For retail securities, expenses are required to be 
broken down into each principal intended "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses". For 
wholesale securities, provide an estimate of the total 
expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Securities only) 
 
 
[Indication of yield/Unified Yield Rate]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
 
 
(specify Unified Yield Rate for Non-exempt Offers in 
the Republic of Hungary only) 
 
 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date]* 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is electronically 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][⚫].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
electronically available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][⚫
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge.) 
 
(Where the Underlying is an index, include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[administrator legal name], as administrator 
of [specify benchmark], is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]] 
(Repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1074 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1042 
 
8. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for Indices which are not Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]38 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]39, [⚫] (the Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent]) for the Underlying and any of their respective directors, 
officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each a Relevant Person) makes any 
express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of purchasing the 
Securities, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time on any particular date, (c) the 
results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other person or entity, from the use 
of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) the merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. Each Relevant Person hereby 
expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of accuracy, 
completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Underlying. 
No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special, punitive, consequential or 
otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. [The Index Sponsor is 
not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under any obligation to continue 
the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor shall they have any liability 
for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the Underlying. The Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any 
other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of the Underlying prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index Conditions) 
may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back testing is illustrative 
only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and assumptions and 
estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of the actual results 
that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any scenario analysis 
is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of the Underlying 
nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
in the Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based upon the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus and this Final Terms only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities without the prior written consent of the 
Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary 
clearing and settlement procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Final Terms consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg®). The Issuer [and the 
CGMHI Guarantor] 40  [and the CGMFL Guarantor] 41  accept[s] responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor are]42 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor are]43 [is] aware and are able to ascertain from such publicly-available 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
 
38 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
39 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
40 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
41 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
42 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
43 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1075 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1043 
 
or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility for the 
reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. Bloomberg® 
does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) and 
details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[ ⚫]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
[The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (CREST) via the 
CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism.] 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
 
 
[The Italian Listed Certificates will also be cleared 
indirectly through Monte Titoli S.p.A. through its 
bridge account]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank 
Europe 
plc, 
Dublin, 
Ireland]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1076 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1044 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure,] 
[Include this text for Registered Securities which are 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] [Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments and statement of portion 
not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None] 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[[⚫] per cent. per Security] 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [ ⚫] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Security]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein]  
[[Up to] [⚫] per cent. [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Security] which comprises the 
(specify type of fee or commission) payable to the 
[Authorised Offeror] [ ⚫].] [The Authorised 
Offeror(s) will receive a distribution fee in respect 
of each outstanding Security equal to [(i)] [⚫] per 
cent. of [the relevant Interest Amount] [ ⚫]

--- Page 1077 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1045 
 
[AND/OR] [(ii) [⚫] per cent. of [the MER Amount 
[(plus the MER Coupon (if any))] minus the 
Calculation Amount] [⚫]] [OR] [(ii[i]) [⚫] per cent. 
of [the Upper Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred minus the 
Calculation Amount] [⚫]], in each case, on the date 
on which the relevant amount is paid to the holders.] 
Investors can obtain more information about this fee 
by contacting the relevant [Authorised Offeror] [⚫] 
[or the Dealer] at the relevant address(es) set out 
herein. [It is anticipated that the exact amount of the 
(specify type of fee or commission) will be published 
by the Issuer on [the website of Euronext Dublin][⚫
] (specify where the Securities are not listed on 
Euronext Dublin)] on or around [⚫].]]   
[In addition to (specify any relevant offer price), the 
[Authorised Offeror] may charge investors in [⚫] a 
(specify type of fee or commission) of [up to] [⚫] per 
cent. [of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/[per 
Security]. Investors can obtain more information 
about this fee by contacting the [Authorised Offeror] 
at the address(es) set out herein]] 
(Specify other applicable fee arrangements) 
 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable]]  
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland) 
 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer [(The [⚫] Offer)] of the 
Securities may be made by [the Dealer(s)] [and] [⚫
]] (the [⚫] Initial Authorised Offeror(s)) other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation [and/or other than pursuant to 
Article 36(1) FinSA] [and [⚫]] during the period 
from (and including) [⚫] to (and including) [⚫] (the 
[⚫] Offer Period) in [⚫] ([⚫])] [[and] any additional 
financial intermediaries who have or obtain the 
Issuer's consent to use the Base Prospectus and this 
Final Terms in connection with the Non-exempt 
Offer and who are identified on the Issuer's website 
at [www.[⚫]] as an Authorised Offeror] (together, 
being persons to whom the issuer has given consent, 
the [⚫] Authorised Offeror(s)) other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation [and/or other than pursuant to Article 
36(1) FinSA] [and [⚫]] in [⚫] during the period from 
[⚫] until [⚫] (the [⚫] Offer Period) [during [⚫] 
(specify any particular times on those days)]. 
 
 
[Securities placed through door-to-door selling 
pursuant to Article 30 of the Financial Services Act 
will be offered during the Offer Period. Pursuant to 
article 30, paragraph 6, of the Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998, no. 58, as subsequently amended 
(the Financial Services Act), the validity and 
enforceability of the contracts entered into through 
door-to-door selling is suspended for a period of

--- Page 1078 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1046 
 
seven days after the investors' signature of the same. 
Within such period investors may communicate 
their withdrawal to the relevant [ ⚫] Authorised 
Offeror without any charge or commission] (insert 
where the Securities are offered in Italy and 
relevant) 
 
 
(specify for each jurisdiction in which a Non-exempt 
Offer is being undertaken and include details of 
terms relating to lengthening and/or shortening of 
offer period) 
 
 
Offers (if any) in any Member State other than the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus 
 
 
[Authorised Offeror(s) means [⚫] [and [⚫]].] 
 
 
[Initial Authorised Offeror(s) means [⚫] [and [⚫
]].] 
 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) means [Austria / 
Belgium / Bulgaria / Cyprus / Denmark / Finland / 
The Netherlands / France / Germany / Greece / 
Hungary / Ireland / Italy / Luxembourg / Norway / 
Poland / Portugal / Romania / Slovakia / Spain / 
Sweden / the Czech Republic] 
 
 
See further Paragraph [11] below. 
 
(ix) 
[General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject]. 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make the 
Offer. No such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been met. 
Offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which 
the base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.)] 
 
(xi) 
[Withdrawal right according to 
Article 
63(5) 
of 
the 
Swiss 
Financial 
Services 
Ordinance 
(FinSO): 
[Applicable. If an obligation to prepare a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus according to Article 56(1) 
FinSA is triggered during the Offer Period, investors 
who have already subscribed or agreed to purchase 
or subscribe for Securities before any such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus is published have 
the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the 
publication of such supplement regardless of 
whether the Offer Period closes prior to the expiry 
of such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and 
the Final Terms for the Securities is filed and

--- Page 1079 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1047 
 
deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA) 
 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
 
(xiii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] [⚫
]-[⚫] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 10(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable) 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][⚫] 
 
Conditions to which the Offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 1080 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1048 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s), 
address(es), 
legal 
entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and law and 
country of incorporation to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[None/give details] 
12. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
General: [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Securities as 
[debt/fixed- rate debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/contingent payment debt instruments, [for 
which purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists 
of the following payments: [⚫] /for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Securities/foreign currency Securities issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi- annually/quarterly/monthly] and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists of the following payments: [⚫] 
/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/short-term Securities/prepaid forward contracts or options/prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments/a put and a deposit, for which purpose, the 
Issuer will treat [⚫]% of each coupon on a Security as interest on the deposit and [⚫]% as put 
premium/[specify other]]. [The Securities are Non-U.S. Securities]. 
 
Section 871(m) 
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final.) [The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the 
amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be 
updated at issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of these Final 
Terms. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or 
the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for 
additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate 
the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer would treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the

--- Page 1081 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1049 
 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the underlying 
asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified 
Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table 
below.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for 
the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Securities do not have a "delta" of one.] This information 
is indicative and will be updated based on circumstances at the time the Securities are issued. 
Please [contact []]/[review the amended Final Terms] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
 
[The Securities are Specified Current Payment Securities./The Securities are Specified Net Total 
Return Securities.] 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Securities are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.) 
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying 
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/ 
Qualified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract 
(Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number of 
Shares 
Multiplied 
by Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Initial 
Hedge (if 
applicable) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, 
GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE 
SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is 
affected by the value of the Underlying(s)] 
[include additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities note annex, which relate to 
the Underlying(s), per Annex 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980]]  
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
14. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
 
Name: 
[⚫] 
 
Address: 
[⚫] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[⚫] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[ ⚫] (For example financials, energy, 
insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction,

--- Page 1082 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1050 
 
transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
 
[[Non-] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] securities code: 
[⚫] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each  Reference 
Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity 
and securities code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation/Reference 
Asset or it has no securities code. Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to 
be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME 
Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets above as appropriate for Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]  
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 1083 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1051 
 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
(insert completed Summary for the Securities where the denomination of the Securities is less than 
EUR100,000)]

--- Page 1084 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1052 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1085 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1053 
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at  Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1086 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1054 
 
APPENDIX 2 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1087 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
1055 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1088 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1056 
 
SECTION G.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary)], [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or 
replaced from time to time, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the EU Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as 
provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Securities in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of 
the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA- N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].3  
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared,] [t][T]he Securities are not intended to be offered 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual").

--- Page 1089 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1057 
 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA)/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on 
the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 
4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) 
FinSA.]4 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of 
FinSA, and this Pricing Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to investors 
in Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement, nor the 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to FinSA.]5 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). They are neither subject to 
authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA), and investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or 
supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable).]6 
[Include if the Securities or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives: Securities or the Underlying(s) of Securities may be 
described or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar 
objectives. Notwithstanding the use of such term(s), such Securities or Underlying(s) (or the 
administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments 
having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements 
or criteria as regarding investments having such or other similar labels or objectives.] 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫] 
Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]7 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of or number for each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]8 [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]9 
Under the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
No prospectus is required in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation 
(each as defined below) in relation to Securities which are the subject of this Pricing Supplement. 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that: 
(a) 
any offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
 
4  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
5  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
7  
Delete as applicable. 
8  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
9  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1090 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1058 
 
the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member 
State of the Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer; and 
(b) 
any offer of Securities in the United Kingdom (UK) will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of the 
Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
(as amended, the FSMA) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]10 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]11 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor does any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. For the 
purposes hereof, the expression EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA). 
The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]12 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]13 have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any state securities law. [The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]14 [and CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]15 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each purchaser 
of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]16 [The Securities are being 
offered and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in reliance on the exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A). Each purchaser of 
the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and 
each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Securities is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than 
(a) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the 
Securities for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction.]17 The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]18 [and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] 19 [and any Entitlements] 20 do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved 
by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities, see 
 
10 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
11 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
12 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
13 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
14 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
15 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
16  
Include for Securities offered in reliance on Regulation S. 
17 
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A. 
18 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
19 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
20 
Include for Physical Delivery Securities.

--- Page 1091 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1059 
 
"General Information relating to the Programme and the Securities - Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Securities are [English Law Securities][Irish Law Securities][ that are also [Swedish Securities [(and 
therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) 
from Euroclear Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Securities [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations 
of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the 
holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list)][French Law Securities].21 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base 
Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
CGMHI Guarantor]22 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]23 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so 
supplemented].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [[the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [the website of the London Stock Exchange 
(www.londonstockexchange.com)] [,/and] [the website of [ ⚫] at [ ⚫]]]. [In addition, this Pricing 
Supplement is available [⚫]].  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Listing Particulars in relation to the Programme dated 15 December 2023.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 15 December 2023, as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] 
(Supplement No.[⚫] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date or under this Base Listing Particulars but 
prior to the publication of one or more supplements.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] 
Underlying] in the Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing 
Particulars].  
 
21 
Delete as applicable. 
22 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
23 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1092 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1060 
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Listing Particulars [as 
supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] [and are incorporated by reference 
into the Current Base Listing Particulars]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]24[, the 
CGMFL Guarantor]25 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing 
Particulars] and the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [and on 
the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. The Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current 
Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)] [,/and] [the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [
⚫].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme 
dated [26 June 2013]/[25 September 2013]/[25 September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 
2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 February 2018]/[25 January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020]/[18 
December 2020]/[17 December 2021]/[16 December 2022]/[15 December 2023].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme 
dated [26 June 2013]/[25 September 2013]/[25 September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 
2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 February 2018]/[25 January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020]/[18 
December 2020]/[17 December 2021]/[16 December 2022]/[15 December 2023], as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to the Base Listing Particulars] [No.[⚫]]) [and a 
Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the 
Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, Current Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 15 December 2023.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, Current Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 15 December 2023, as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No.[⚫] and, together with 
Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements to the Current Base Listing Particulars)].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any pricing supplement consideration should be given as to whether the relevant terms 
or information constitute "significant new factors" relating to information included in the Base Listing 
Particulars which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro 
MTF and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus.] 
 
24 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
25 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1093 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1061 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.]26 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Securities issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed 
by Citigroup Inc./Only Securities issued by 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg 
S.C.A. 
are 
guaranteed 
by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited) 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
[Exercise style: the Certificates are [European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and 
Automatic Exercise applies]] ((applicable in 
the case where "Certificate[s]" is specified 
above") (if applicable, replace references in 
the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with 
references to coupon and references to 
maturity date with settlement date) 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if 
applicable, complete the Final Terms as if the 
Securities were Notes save to replace 
references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" with 
"Certificates(s)", references to redemption 
with references to termination, references to 
interest with references to premium and 
references to maturity date with final 
termination date) 
(for Swedish Securities in the form of 
Certificates, Automatic Exercise shall apply) 
[Italian Listed Certificates] (if Applicable, 
replace references in the Final Terms to 
redemption with references to termination, 
references to interest with references to 
premium and references to maturity date with 
references to final termination date)] 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify 
details of that Series, including the date on 
which the Securities become fungible)] 
 
(iv) 
Date on which the Securities will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present 
Tranche] will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[⚫]/[the Issue Date]]   
 
26 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 1094 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1062 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 27 
[ ⚫]/[The Securities are Dual Currency 
Securities. Specified Currency means: 
 
 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination (if applicable) and the 
Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
Denomination Currency): [⚫] 
 
 
(b) 
in 
respect 
of 
payments 
and/or 
deliveries (the Relevant Currency): [
⚫]] 
 
[Resultant figure(s) in Euro of amount(s) 
specified herein denominated in a currency 
other than Euro:  
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Securities only, delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified 
Denomination and any other amount(s) 
specified herein have been translated into Euro 
at the exchange rate of [⚫] [specify currency 
other than euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing 
a sum of: EUR [⚫]]  
 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency other 
than Euro payable under the Securities: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Securities only, delete if not relevant and if 
payments to be made under the Securities are 
to be made in Euro)  
[The [specify relevant amount(s) specified 
herein denominated in a currency other than 
Euro] will be translated into Euro at the 
[specify currency other than Euro]/EUR 
exchange rate (spot/bid) prevailing at the date 
of settlement of such amount(s) at the time or 
times 
as 
the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] 
deems 
appropriate and the resultant figure will be 
rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 
0.005 being rounded upwards)]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Number of 
Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [⚫] in 
principal amount of the Securities)] [per cent. 
of the Aggregate Principal Amount converted 
into the Relevant Currency at the Initial FX 
Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] in 
respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. 
Initial FX Rate means [ ⚫]]/[each Unit 
consisting of [⚫] Securities] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [⚫] in 
principal amount of the Securities)]/[each Unit 
consisting of [⚫] Securities] 
 
 
[The 
Securities 
are 
issued 
in 
Units. 
Accordingly, references herein to Units shall 
be deemed to be references to [[⚫] in principal 
 
27  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law Securities 
shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 1095 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1063 
 
amount of the]/[a number of [⚫]] Securities and 
all references in the Conditions to payments 
and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Security shall be construed to such payments 
and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Securities in 
respect of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[ ⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date](insert 
for 
fungible 
issues, 
if 
applicable)]/[[⚫] per Security]/[⚫] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable 
for Notes – specify "Not Applicable" for 
Certificates) 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means 
the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities which 
are Notes, there shall be one denomination 
only.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][Unit][per Certificate] 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one 
Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in 
the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations) 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does 
not reflect a principal amount, but the term 
must be specified as it is necessary for use in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
other places) 
7. 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[⚫]]/[[⚫] Business Days following the Initial 
Preference Share Reference Date, which is 
expected to be [ ⚫]] (Specify for Preference 
Share Linked Securities only) 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
[Maturity Date: 
[⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following]

--- Page 1096 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1064 
 
(If the Securities are Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Skew Notes, replace "Maturity Date" 
above with "Scheduled Maturity Date") 
Business Day Convention][Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to [⚫]][⚫] where 
EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of 
Settlement Business Days following the [last 
occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
 
[The Final Valuation Date] (Specify for 
Preference Share Linked Securities only)] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, delete the 
above and insert the following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation 
Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business Day Convention][Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to [⚫]][⚫] where 
EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of 
Settlement Business Days following the [last 
occurring] Final Valuation Date]] 
9. 
Type of Securities: 
[[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities/Floating 
Rate 
Securities/CMS 
Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation Rate 
Securities/Interim 
Performance Interest Securities/Twin Win 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest 
Securities/Reverse 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Securities/Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount/Buy the Dip Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities /Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback 
Securities [(Memory Effect/Without Memory 
Effect)]]] [The Securities do not bear or pay 
any interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event [does 
not] occur[s] [and]][The Securities do not pay 
any Coupon Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event 
[does not] occur[s] [and]]] 
(repeat as 
necessary) [Specify other] 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are 
applicable as specified in item 14[(iii)] below]  
 
 
The 
[Securities 
are 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities and the] Redemption Amount of the 
Securities is determined in accordance with 
item 14(iv) [and, as the Underlying Linked 
Securities 
Redemption 
Provisions 
are 
applicable, item 14(v)] below]  
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities 
[and/or may be Physical Delivery Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the 
[Maturity Date]/[Settlement Date] (subject 
as 
provided 
in 
the 
Conditions),

--- Page 1097 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1065 
 
Securityholders should complete and deliver 
an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the Conditions in any event as it may not be 
known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the 
Securities will be cash settled and/or settled 
by physical delivery of the Entitlement] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below] 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
(i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
12. 
Underlying Linked Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule apply (subject as 
provided 
in 
any 
relevant 
Underlying 
Schedule)][Not Applicable other than as 
specified below in the relation to Early 
Redemption] 
 
(i) 
Underlying(s): 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or 
other identification number where available, 
including definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security Index/Inflation Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual Fund Interest/FX 
Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/[Warrant/]Proprietary 
Index/Dividend 
Futures 
Contract/Rate/Preference Share] 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest 
rates which are published on an Electronic 
Page may be specified) 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
 
(N.B.: Preference Share Linked Securities may 
only be issued by CGMFL or CGMHI) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying)

--- Page 1098 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1066 
 
 
(ii) 
Particulars 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying: 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange 
Index][Bond Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single 
Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single Valuation Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the level for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation 
Index Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫
]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of Inflation 
Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" 
is specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to 
apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable where the level published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the level for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and 
low prices][closing price][opening price][bid 
price][asked price][average of bid and asked 
prices][settlement price][official settlement 
price] 
[official 
price] 
[morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][ ⚫] [per 
[insert unit]] of [insert commodity] on [the 
relevant Exchange/(specify other source)] [of 
the [relevant] Futures Contract for the 
[relevant] Delivery Date] as made public by 
[the [relevant] Exchange] on [the [relevant]

--- Page 1099 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1067 
 
Price 
Source]] 
[(specify 
price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] 
[month 
and 
year] 
[[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby Month] 
[Either (i) the [First/Second/ Third/ other] 
Nearby Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Valuation Date 
falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity Business Days 
prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day of 
the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of 
intent to deliver in respect of the relevant 
[First/Second/Third/other] Futures Contract 
may be submitted (howsoever defined in the 
terms of the relevant Futures Contract and/or 
the rules of the relevant Exchange), the 
[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][⚫] 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source 
shall be the Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[⚫] 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for 
Bullion Commodities in the Commodity 
Conditions is not applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled 
Share) 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 1100 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1068 
 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying Share Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable where the value published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the value for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the 
product of [⚫] and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] 
(as numerator) and [[⚫]] (as denominator)]]] 
(delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
 
 
- 
Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Quote Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
(N.B.: 
only 
required 
if 
"General 
Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-
Transferability", 
"Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances", "Nationalisation", "Specific 
Inconvertibility" 
or 
"Specific 
Non-
Transferability" are specified as Currency 
Disruption Events below)

--- Page 1101 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1069 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Dual Currency Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable. 
The 
Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] 
[and for which purpose the Specified Valuation 
Date shall be (specify days) prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities]] 
(specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(D) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf 
Rate is [specify FX Rate.] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
 
[[ ⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Reference 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days: 
[⚫] 
 
(H) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days 
 
(I) 
Dual Currency Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable. 
The 
Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] 
[and for which purpose the Specified Valuation 
Date shall be [(specify days)] prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities]] 
(specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(J) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf 
Rate is [specify FX Rate.]

--- Page 1102 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1070 
 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(Specify for each Proprietary Index) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in 
respect of the Proprietary Index is the Index 
Administrator (as defined in the Index 
Conditions) 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Specify if different to the Proprietary Index 
Conditions/A Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
an "Index Business Day" as defined in the 
Index Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement 
price"][see specified item [⚫]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [⚫] (specify each)] [A 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day] 
 
[Preference Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Preference Share Company: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A./[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Preference 
Share 
Reference Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Preference Share 
Conditions 
 
(C) 
Valuation Time: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Preference Share 
Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Preference Share Valuation 
Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions 
 
(E) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫][,[⚫] and [⚫]] subject as provided in the 
Preference Share Conditions/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which 
are not applicable.) 
 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional 
Adjustment Events and Additional Early 
Redemption Events in respect of each type of 
underlying, either the Additional Adjustment 
Events or the Additional Early Redemption 
Events (with the option to specify the Early 
Redemption Amount) must be applicable. 
Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early

--- Page 1103 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1071 
 
Redemption Events may be applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Additional Adjustment 
Events should not be disapplied at the same 
time as the Additional Early Redemption 
Events) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security Index Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1104 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1072 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[ Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option][Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, 
the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior 
to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1105 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1073 
 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Commodity Index Condition 4(a): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is 
Applicable:

--- Page 1106 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1074 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity Index Condition 4(b): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is 
Applicable:

--- Page 1107 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1075 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution 
is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[ ⚫
]/As determined by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities:

--- Page 1108 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1076 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, 
the Commodity Dealers shall be four leading 
dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not 
applicable to the Securities, specify Not 
Applicable or this section can be deleted) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) 
applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional 
futures/options contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[Commodity 
Condition 
3(b) 
(Disruption 
Fallback) applies.] [The following Disruption 
Fallbacks apply, in the following order: 
 
 
[Fallback 
Commodity 
Price 
(specify 
alternative Commodity Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment 
of 
Scheme 
(N.B. 
only 
applicable where the Underlying is an 
emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1109 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1077 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1110 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1078 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Delisting: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any)

--- Page 1111 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1079 
 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1112 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1080 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1113 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1081 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Minimum Return Amount plus 
Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency]  
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Minimum Return Amount plus 
Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1114 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1082 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component 
Share Additional Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of 
[insert 
relevant 
Share] 
as 
[Interest 
Underlying(s)[,/and/or] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)] 
[,/and/or] 
[Redemption Underlying(s)] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Dividend Screen Page: [⚫] 
 
 
Start Date: [Interest Strike Date] [,/and] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date] 
[,/and] [Redemption Strike Date] [,/and] [⚫] 
The Underlying Closing Level on the Start 
Date is [the Price on the Start Date]/[⚫] 
 
 
Target Dividend: [⚫] 
 
 
Applicable Percentage: [⚫] 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1115 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1083 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution 
is 
applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: 
Depositary Receipt: [Same Underlying Share 
and Currency/As determined by Calculation 
Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying 
Share: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Delisting 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount

--- Page 1116 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1084 
 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger 
Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]]

--- Page 1117 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1085 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
- 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1118 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1086 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying 
Share Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
– 
Underlying Share Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1119 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1087 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
ETF Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related 
Index. [To specify unless limb (b) of "Related 
Index" is being relied on: For which purpose, 
the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each ETF 
Share where there is a basket of ETF 
Shares)/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Corporate Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest

--- Page 1120 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1088 
 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Insolvency: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Merger Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any)

--- Page 1121 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1089 
 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Tender Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]]

--- Page 1122 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1090 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Fund 
Modification: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Fund Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Strategy Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Strategy Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1123 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1091 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Regulatory 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Regulatory Action Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Cross 
Contamination: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Cross Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1124 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1092 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event]  
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the 
AUM Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM 
Threshold if different to the Conditions)] 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
[Limitation Event] 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger 
Percentage, if applicable)] 
[New Information Event] 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which 
purpose [⚫] shall be a relevant party] (specify 
other relevant party (if any))] 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
[Delisting] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: 
[Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest. For which

--- Page 1125 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1093 
 
purpose, the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria is: 
 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
[Same Currency] 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1126 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1094 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1127 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1095 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Advisor 
Resignation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor 
Resignation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1128 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1096 
 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting 
Disruption: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1129 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1097 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting 
Disruption is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a 
Fund Service Provider is Applicable:

--- Page 1130 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1098 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
 
Primary Rate: 
 
    [⚫] 
 
Secondary Rate:  
    [⚫] 
 
Price Materiality Percentage:[⚫]]

--- Page 1131 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1099 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
A 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
 
 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] 
per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback 
Reference Rate [and the Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]/ [⚫]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in 
the following order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related First Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]]

--- Page 1132 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1100 
 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate 
and the order in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each 
FX Rate where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
B 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Warrants: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Warrant 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Warrant Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1133 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1101 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(C) 
[Component Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight]

--- Page 1134 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1102 
 
 
(D) 
[Component 
Disrupted 
Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Disrupted Day" as 
defined for such Component in the Index 
Conditions] 
 
(E) 
[Component 
Scheduled 
Trading Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of a Component shall be a "Scheduled 
Trading Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
(F) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
5 
is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(G) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1135 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1103 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition is 4 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 
6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1136 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1104 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional Early Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Dividend Futures Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1137 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1105 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Underlying RMB Currency Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB Relevant Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[⚫] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong]] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any)

--- Page 1138 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1106 
 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 
871(m) 
Event 
(Hedging): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount]/[As set out in 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1139 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1107 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Taxation 
Reasons: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount] /[As set out in 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material 
Increased 
Cost: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any)

--- Page 1140 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1108 
 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption] /[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Early Redemption for Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount] /[As set out in 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
(specify Early Redemption Amount here only if 
"Continuance of Securities Provision" is "Not 
Applicable"; otherwise specify the Early 
Redemption Amount under "Continuance of 
Securities Provision" below) 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1141 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1109 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Continuance of Securities Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance): 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market Value 
 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable 
 
 
Illegality 
Event 
(Possible 
Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Monetisation 
with Holder Put Option]/[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiv) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Obligor 
 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount]/[As set out in

--- Page 1142 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1110 
 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other]] 
(specify Early Redemption Amount here only if 
"Continuance of Securities Provision" is "Not 
Applicable"; otherwise specify the Early 
Redemption Amount under "Continuance of 
Securities Provision" below) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xv) 
Event of Default: 
[Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity] /[As set out in Preference 
Share 
Condition 
6(d)]/[Other]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Return Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [The definition in General 
Condition 6(e)(iv) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Early Redemption Amount ) applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY INTEREST AMOUNT, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DELIVERABLE 
(In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, each 
reference below to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest 
Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be changed to (in the case of Certificates) "coupon 
amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in 
the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium 
Payment Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying".) 
13. 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Securities do 
not bear or pay interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
different 
Underlyings, Interest Valuation Dates, Interest 
Payment Dates, Interest Barrier Event or 
Interest Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert:

--- Page 1143 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1111 
 
In respect of (insert Underlying, Interest 
Valuation Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier Level, Specified Interest 
Barrier Observation Date, See Table 
below 
[See Table below] [specify any relevant 
provisions] [See item 13(iii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
where Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.4(a) applies 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Modified Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Interest 
Provisions where Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1.5 applies: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest 
Amount/Interest 
Rate 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] per 
Security] 
 
(B) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] [As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7] 
 
(C) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] [See Table below] 
 
(D) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis]

--- Page 1144 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1112 
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(F) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of an Interest Payment Date] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2/specify]] [[In respect of an Underlying, 
each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for [the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] 
during 
[specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2 shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred][the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:][Not Applicable][⚫] [and [⚫]][[
⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for 
that Interest Underlying from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, 
specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying) 
 
[Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] (where a 
different Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike 
Date applies for any Interest Underlying, 
specify for each Interest Underlying)] 
 
(v) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and Interest 
Barrier Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
different 
Underlyings, Interest Valuation Dates, Interest 
Payment Dates, Interest Barrier Event, Interest 
Amounts or Interest Lock-in Event, repeat item 
and insert: In respect of [insert Underlying, 
Interest Valuation Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amount or 
Interest Lock-in Event as applicable]:] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[ ⚫]][The Underlyings specified in item 12 
above] [and [each] such Interest Underlying

--- Page 1145 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1113 
 
shall be an Interim Outperformance [A/B] 
Underlying 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying where Outperformance Provisions 
apply in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any 
Interest 
Underlying/The 
Interim Performance Underlying/Each Interest 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] 
Interest Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked

--- Page 1146 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1114 
 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest 
(or 
equal 
highest) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [ ⚫] 
highest 
(or 
[
⚫
] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interest Underlying) 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest 
(or 
equal 
lowest) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest 
Underlying) 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1147 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1115 
 
 
VI. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the highest)]] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1148 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1116 
 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance - European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the lowest)] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1149 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1117 
 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance - European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim Performance Provisions for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1150 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1118 
 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%] 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1151 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1119 
 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1152 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1120 
 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest Payment 
Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%] 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1153 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1121 
 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1154 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1122 
 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable - [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
Provisions: 
 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1155 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1123 
 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap - Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor - Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Cap – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest threshold Percentage: [⚫
]% 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [⚫]] 
(repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis - 
Multiple Best Performing applies:

--- Page 1156 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1124 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
 
 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(repeat, as necessary, 
for each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
 
 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer 
[X] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to 
a [Maximum Period Performance] [and]

--- Page 1157 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1125 
 
[Minimum Period Performance] [of [⚫]%] [and 
[⚫]%, respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
A is equal to [⚫] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
 
 
[Insert the following if Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: 
[Highest (or equal highest) [positive] integer] 
[Lowest (or equal lowest) [positive] integer]  
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to]

--- Page 1158 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1126 
 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]] 
 
XII. Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫] 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period 
if more than 1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫] 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period 
if more than 1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [⚫]

--- Page 1159 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1127 
 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: [⚫]]  
 
(H) 
Himalaya Interim Performance 
– Asian Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Interest Strike Date/Closing Level on

--- Page 1160 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1128 
 
Interest Re-Strike Date IPD/ Closing Level on 
Interest 
Re-Strike 
Date 
IVD/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/(specify 
(in 
table 
format, 
where 
appropriate) for each Interest Underlying)]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(repeat this sub paragraph if necessary in 
respect of each Interest Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
[Interest Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Interest 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Interest Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level 
on Interest Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Interest Valuation Dates] (specify for 
each Interest Underlying) (repeat this sub 
paragraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate – In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date 
and/or Interest Underlying, as appropriate):] 
[Interest Barrier Event European Observation/ 
Interest Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level/Interest Barrier Event American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing

--- Page 1161 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1129 
 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (repeat sub paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities/Floating 
Rate 
Securities/CMS 
Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation Rate Securities] [Twin 
Win/Reserve] [Interim Performance Interest 
Securities] [Buy the Dip Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities/Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback 
Securities [(Memory Effect/Without Memory 
Effect)]]] 
[See 
item 
(iii) 
above] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Lookback Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only 
in respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in 
respect of the following Interest Payment 
Date[s]: [⚫]] 
[Memory 
Effect: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
[Without Memory Effect: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable only in respect of the 
Interest Amount[s] payable in respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]]] 
 
III. 
Multi-Chance Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
 
 
Range Accrual Determination Date 
means [Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1162 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1130 
 
 
 
Range 
Accrual 
Move 
in 
Block 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Cut-Off Number means [⚫] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[[⚫] in each year]/[⚫] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
IV. Interest Amount(s): 
[[ ⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]][As set out in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule] 
 
V. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ⚫]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Interest Amount)] 
 
VI. Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
VII. [Determination Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
VIII. Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 1163 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1131 
 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
II. 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ 
other 
(give 
details)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
III. 
Manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/other (give details)] 
 
IV. Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Interest 
Rate(s) and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
VI. Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/ 
CIBOR/ROBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR][BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)][BKBM 
(being 
the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] [specify other] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Interbank Market: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/As set out in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule/[ ⚫] day on which 
commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [⚫]] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period/First day of each

--- Page 1164 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1132 
 
Interest Period/[⚫] day on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
VII. ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of 
the 2021 Definitions and the Floating Rate 
Matrix. If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA 
Rate before use) 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions) 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating 
Rate Option, an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option 
which 
has 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method 
or 
a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period 
(other than the Final Interest Period, in which 
case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify the 
first option if Arrears Setting applies under the 
2021 Definitions and the second option under 
the 2006 Definitions) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention]  
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so that 
relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to Business 
Day Conventions will apply) 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply)

--- Page 1165 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1133 
 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] 
[⚫] (specify any other adjustment that should 
apply) 
 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[⚫]] 
 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[ ⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not

--- Page 1166 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1134 
 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [
⚫]/ 
[Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]]] (Only include if the 2006 
Definitions apply and the specified Floating 
Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped 
Rate and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]](Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
(Include 
the 
following 
only 
if 
using 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ⚫] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]

--- Page 1167 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1135 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to 
which this applies and Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the 
end of each Interest Period] [Insert where Index 
Determination applies: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date for which purpose "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater]] [⚫
][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
IX. SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not 
Applicable/SOFR 
OIS 
Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable)

--- Page 1168 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1136 
 
 
• 
Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[ ⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at 
least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index Determination: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date][As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date and Relevant Number 
means [insert number being two or greater]] 
 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[⚫] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
XI. Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate]/[ISDA Rate]/[SONIA Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA Index Floating Rate]/[SOFR  
Floating Rate]/[SOFR Index Floating Rate][[+/-
][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
XII. Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] 
(insert 
for 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
 
XIII. Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] 
(insert 
for 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
 
XIV. Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 1169 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1137 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] (May be selected only 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 4 for 
alternatives and, where applicable, match Day 
Count Fraction set out in the ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix) 
 
XV. 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions 
and 
other 
terms 
relating to the method 
of calculating interest 
on 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities, if different 
from those set out in 
the 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Schedule: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) in relation 
to 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[ ⚫] to and including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 8(h) (Business Day Convention))]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to and 
including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
8(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify 
each Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫]

--- Page 1170 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1138 
 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[
⚫
] 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate) 
[⚫][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Definitions) 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
4.7 
(Definitions) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination 
is applicable: [⚫]] [
⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[
⚫
] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
• 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[
⚫
] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period

--- Page 1171 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1139 
 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
VII. 
Margin 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
[Not 
Applicable] (Specify for each Interest Payment 
Date/Interest Period if different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
IX. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
X. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
XIII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 2 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1172 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1140 
 
(for CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as 
applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1 / 
Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][
⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is more than one 
Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[
⚫
]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
(D) 
Spread Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Spread 
Securities: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [
⚫] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 8(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and 
including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
8(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]

--- Page 1173 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1141 
 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
IV. [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VI. Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[ ⚫]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VII. Relevant Spread Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
• 
V%: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
VIII. Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
1 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference

--- Page 1174 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1142 
 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) a 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
below as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) a 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
below as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
3 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus

--- Page 1175 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1143 
 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination applies or (c) a 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
below as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is 
determined by reference to provisions relating 
to Spread Security or specified as Spread 
Reference Rate) 
 
XIII. [Spread Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) 
one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA, 
Determination 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out below as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required)] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete 
if not applicable) 
[⚫]

--- Page 1176 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1144 
 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Specified 
Fixed Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination] applies] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable) [Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] (if more than one interest rate, 
specify Interest Period End Dates to which each 
interest rate applies by inserting a Reference 
Rate Table below) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)][As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [(specify)] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period/First day of each Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7 (Definitions)] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in

--- Page 1177 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1145 
 
relation Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 
2021 Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. 
If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA 
Rate before use) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
[Last day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating 
Rate Option, an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option 
which 
has 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method 
or 
a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period 
(other than the Final Interest Period, in which 
case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first 
option if Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 
Definitions and the second option under the 
2006 Definitions) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so that 
relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to Business 
Day Conventions will apply) 
 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] 
[⚫] (specify any other adjustment that should 
apply) 
 
Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1178 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1146 
 
 
[Business Day (for the purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[⚫]] 
 
Compounding/ Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[ ⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [
⚫]/ 
[Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
 
- 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]]] (Only include if the 2006

--- Page 1179 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1147 
 
Definitions apply and the specified Floating 
Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped 
Rate and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[⚫]] (Only relevant where an "Observation Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
(Include 
the 
following 
only 
if 
using 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ⚫] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day Count Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Interest Period(s) to 
which this applies and the Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the ISDA 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫]

--- Page 1180 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1148 
 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert this 
column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/ Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/ Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below)]

--- Page 1181 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1149 
 
 
(insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
[Margin (Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [
⚫] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One] / [Spread 
Cap] applicable 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][⚫] 
per cent. per annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate, Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation 
Rate] [Spread Rate 3 
Interest Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread 
Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) and/or 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Range Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to 
and including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(C) 
above] 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1182 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1150 
 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1) is different for 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
insert 
the 
Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1183 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1151 
 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(D)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)

--- Page 1184 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1152 
 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
2:] 
(insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
2 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(D)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed

--- Page 1185 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1153 
 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
2):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
VIII. 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where more than one Reference Rate 
whether the Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 3 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
3 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 3]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1186 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1154 
 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 3] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(D)] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out in below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
3):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
IX. 
Lev: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Adj: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Cap: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1187 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1155 
 
 
XII. 
RA Floor: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Protected 
Range Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each 
relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below)] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the definition 
of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified number of Accrual 
Business Days. This is not applicable if the 
Accrual Cut-Off Date is the Default Accrual Cut-Off 
Date) 
 
XVI. 
Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date] 
(the "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business Days preceding 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five Accrual Days 
if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ⚫] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(Include where Reference Observation is a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
XVIII. Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
XXI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table")

--- Page 1188 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1156 
 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate: 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table below) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)][As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1189 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1157 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.7 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.7(Definitions)] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Screen 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
ISDA 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 Definitions/2021 Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, note that 
the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 8 dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If a later 
version is to be followed, the Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1190 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1158 
 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last day 
of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate option) [The first 
day of the next following Interest Period (other than 
the Final Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date 
will be the [Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears 
Setting] (Specify the first option if Arrears Setting 
applies under the 2021 Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, 
in which case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Fixing Time: 
[⚫] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.2(b)(i) /Not Applicable] [⚫] (specify any 
other adjustment that should apply) 
 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminati
on 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[⚫]] 
 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method" is applicable. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1191 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1159 
 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lookback: 
[[⚫] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[⚫] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
 
- 
Lockout: 
[[⚫] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [ ⚫]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
 
- [Average Rate Fixing 
Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [ ⚫] Applicable Business Days 
preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] (Only include 
if the 2006 Definitions apply and the specified 
Floating Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
- 
Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [⚫]%] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction)

--- Page 1192 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1160 
 
 
 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ⚫] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[⚫]]] 
 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[⚫]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
ISDA 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
ISDA 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert 
if 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate) 
[CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate [1]"] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" or 
"CMS Spread Interest Rate", 
insert heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] (If 
CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of 
CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", insert 
this column)

--- Page 1193 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1161 
 
 
 
Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] (Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination  
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate  
is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference 
Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate: 
 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
[1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1194 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1162 
 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
[1]): 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 
2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Forward 
Rate][Specified 
Time] 
Compounding 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General Condition 8(h) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[⚫] month [(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]][insert 
details of implied 
forward rate] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
[SONIA/SOFR 
Floating Rate 
Deterimination 
applies] 
(If applicable, include 
Compounding Table 
below) 
Compounding Table 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference 
Rate 
Page 
Compounding 
Method 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinatio
n 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Dates 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 
8(h) (Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR]  
[⚫] [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] 
[SOFR] [OIS 
Compounding/Co
mpounding with 
Lookback/Compo
unding with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] [
⚫][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫][As 
specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4.7 
(Definitions)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped 
Rate: [⚫]%] 
[Daily Floored 
Rate: [⚫]%] 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2

--- Page 1195 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1163 
 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫]/ [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ [+/-][⚫] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference rate][one[s]] 
[reference rate][two[s]] 
[Specified Rate 1] 
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different 
for each Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period if different 
(insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
and if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 
2 and Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Interest Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]* 
[Upper 
Range 1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observation 2]* 
[Upper Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observation 
3]* 
[Upper 
Range 3] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", "Reference Observation 2" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each 
Interest Period if different. 
 
(insert table below if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period)

--- Page 1196 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1164 
 
[Reference Observation Table] 
 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 8(h) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [⚫] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [⚫] month[s] 
[(the Designated Maturity) 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New 
Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate Option: [⚫]] 
month[s] (the Designated 
Maturity) [⚫]] 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] (the Designated 
Maturity) [EUR/GBP/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: [⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[Reference Rate One[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period 
 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Amount Inflation 
Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
II. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
III. 
UCL Numerator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[ ⚫] months/[ ⚫] 
[Reference Month: [⚫]]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by 
inserting a table below as appropriate)

--- Page 1197 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1165 
 
 
IV. UCL Denominator: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[ ⚫] months/[ ⚫] 
[Reference Month: [⚫]]/[See Table below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by 
inserting a table below as appropriate) 
 
V. 
UCL Adjustment: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date):] [[+/-][⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date by 
inserting a table below as appropriate) 
 
VI. DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
[VII. IPR: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Interim Performance Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: 
[Twin Win/Reverse] Interim Performance 
Security][if an Interest barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [and]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(H) 
Buy the Dip Securities Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Coupon Rate: [[⚫] per cent.]/[See Table below]  
 
(I) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may be applicable if any of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.2, 1.3 or 1.5 
applies) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range 
Accrual [Value What You Can/Move In Block] 
Observation 
is 
Applicable 
(as 
specified 
above)/Not Applicable][The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.]

--- Page 1198 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1166 
 
 
 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and where 
the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range 
Accrual [Value What You Can/Move In Block] 
Observation 
is 
Applicable 
(as 
specified 
above)/Not Applicable] [The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] Strike 
Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s)/[UCL 
Numerator] 
[Lower / 
Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[2] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in Level 
(%)/UCL 
Adjustment] 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date/[UCL 
Denominator] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in each case] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[and the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date]] [and] 
[in each 
case][Minimu
m Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/I
nterest 
Adjustment/Z
%/Coupon 
Rate] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify for 
each Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest Barrier 
Level and 
Interest Period, 
where different 
and as 
appropriate) 
[[⚫] 
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[⚫] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
[greater than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of] the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier Event 
and relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of ]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier Event 
and relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
(or equal to) [
⚫]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [⚫]% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of ]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[UCL 
Adjustment: [
⚫]] 
[[⚫] 
[Reference 
Month: [⚫]] 
[[⚫] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day 
[for all the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [⚫
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[1] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate]: 
[ ⚫]] [and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate]: 
[⚫]] / [⚫] per 
Security]] 
[Either: (i)] if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)[(G)/ [⚫
]] above] [The 
amount (if any) 
determined as 
provided 
in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 4] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] [does not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / [
⚫
] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
[IPR: [⚫]] 
[FX 
Performance [
⚫]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[⚫] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫]. 
Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫].]] 
[Z: [⚫]%]  
(in each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where an 
interest barrier 
event has 
occurred or 
has not 
occurred, if 
applicable) 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, the 
Number of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following the 
[last occurring] 
Interest 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 1199 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1167 
 
[1] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number of 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each case, 
specify as 
necessary for 
each applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number of 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each case, 
specify as 
necessary for 
each applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as 
necessary where there are different Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates resulting in different Interest 
Amounts payable) 
14. 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[ ⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading 
"Optional Redemption Date" in the Table 
below: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security 
specified 
under 
the 
heading 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount" in the Table in item 
14(i)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less 
than [⚫] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent)

--- Page 1200 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1168 
 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[ ⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading 
"Optional Redemption Date" in the Table 
below: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security 
specified 
under 
the 
heading 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount" in the Table in item 
14(ii)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less 
than [⚫] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(iii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/specify] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below 
under 
the 
heading 
"MER 
Amount"/specify in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and a Calculation 
Amount] 
 
(C) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below under the heading "MER Date"/specify] 
 
(D) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] [See Table below under the 
heading "Specified MER Valuation Date(s)"] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to

--- Page 1201 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1169 
 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2/specify].] [[In respect of an Underlying, 
each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for [the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] 
during 
[specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) [and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Coupon(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below 
under 
the 
heading 
"MER 
Coupon"/specify in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and the related 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date and a Calculation Amount] 
 
(F) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Coupon 
Payment Date(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below under the heading "MER Coupon 
Payment Date"/specify] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified 
MER Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date, Lower MER 
Barrier Level, Upper MER 
Barrier Level, Barrier Level, 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date, 
MER 
Amount, Upper Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and 
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, 
MERPR 
Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date, MER 
Coupon, 
MER 
Coupon 
Payment Date (as relevant): 
See Table below 
 
(B) 
Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date: 
[Insert as appropriate – For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not 
Applicable][ ⚫] [and [ ⚫]]] [[ ⚫] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] each Scheduled 
Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but excluding) [(and 
including)] [⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date

--- Page 1202 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1170 
 
applies for any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike 
Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [
⚫] (where a different Specified Mandatory 
Early Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date 
applies for any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying)] 
 
[Specified Early Exit MER 
Barrier Observation Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s)]:] [[ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the [Early Exit MER 
Barrier 
Underlyings] 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any [Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying] [Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying]] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)][⚫]]] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary)] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to Mandatory 
Early Redemption, Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions 
and levels of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
[[ ⚫]][The Underlyings specified in item 12 
above] [and [each] such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying shall be an Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance [A/B] 
Underlying (specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying where Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying/The Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Date and/or, as the case may be, each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event) 
 
(C) 
[Early 
Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory Early

--- Page 1203 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1171 
 
Redemption Underlying/The Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Date and/or, as the case may be, each Early Exit 
MER Barrier Event)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary for each MER Date) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1204 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1172 
 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table 
below/[⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for 
the purpose of determining [whether a MER 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier Event 
has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [
⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1205 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1173 
 
 
IV. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable –  [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable –  [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable –  [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table 
below/[⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for 
the purpose of determining [whether a MER 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier Event 
has [not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the highest)]] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1206 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1174 
 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of [the 
relevant MER Dates as specified in the Table 
below/[⚫] (specify relevant MER Dates)]] [for 
the purpose of determining [whether a MER 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier Event 
has [not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the lowest)] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Date, MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1207 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1175 
 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1208 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1176 
 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1209 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1177 
 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1210 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1178 
 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1211 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1179 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1212 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1180 
 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption

--- Page 1213 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1181 
 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date/Closing 
Level 
on 
MER 
Re-Strike 
Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-
day Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in 
table form, where appropriate, for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will 
need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[MER Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] 
[
⚫
]/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Reference 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n 
respect of [insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] 
[Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates [Not Applicable]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1214 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1182 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [Insert 
relevant MER Date, MER Underlying and/or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation [(for which purpose: Autocall 
Memory 
Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level [(for which purpose: Autocall 
Memory 
Event: 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable)]/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Target 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Capped) Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest 
Payment Dates and a Calculation 
Amount) 
[[Include/Exclude] 
Any 
Interest 
Amount Due on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date]] 
[Include Any Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount: Applicable (delete if not 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset MER 
Barrier Level or Latest Reset MER 
Barrier Level:  
Reset MER Floor Level: [ ⚫]/[See 
Table below] 
[Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference 
Level] 
Applicable] 
[Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference 
Level] 
Applicable]

--- Page 1215 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1183 
 
[Performance Product Base Level: 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Level 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Strike Level of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[⚫]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): [Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date and/or Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying (subject to a 
minimum of [ ⚫] Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]] 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect 
of each MER Date and/or MER 
Barrier Event (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying and/or Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event]:] [Not Applicable/Applicable – [Early 
Exit 
MER 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Early 
Exit MER Barrier Event American Observation 
– Intra-Day Level/Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level/Early Exit MER Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date, Early Exit MER Barrier 
Underlying and/or Early Exit MER Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Early Exit MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See Table 
below]] 
[Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See 
Table below]]

--- Page 1216 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1184 
 
[Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level: [⚫]/[See 
Table below]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Date, Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying 
and/or Early Exit MER Barrier Event (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable))] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event:  
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [Insert 
relevant MER Underlying and/or MER Date]:] 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Performance Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
European Observation]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Underlying 
and/or MER Date) 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or 
equal to] [less than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫
]%] [of [the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Level of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying / [⚫] (specify, 
in table format, if appropriate, where different 
for different Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings and/or MER Dates)]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying and/or MER 
Date) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount/See MER Amount in Table below/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball

--- Page 1217 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1185 
 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount/See Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin 
Win] 
Option 
Provisions/Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount/See Table below Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]

--- Page 1218 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1186 
 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – Put 
Spread Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early

--- Page 1219 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1187 
 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]:] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]]/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:]] [[⚫]]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ]] [[⚫]]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(D) 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
MER 
Date]: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Snowball Accrual 
Rate: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1220 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1188 
 
 
II. 
Snowball Accrual 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Snowball Accrual 
Denominator: 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Snowball Accrual 
Period: 
[The period commencing on [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ⚫] and ending on [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [ ⚫] [the first 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of which a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred]] 
[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
V. 
Snowball Accrual 
Day: 
[Each calendar day]/[⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[(E) 
Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [⚫]/See Table below/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption 
Coupon: 
[Insert as appropriate – [In respect of [insert 
relevant MER Date]:] [See MER Coupon in 
Table below/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Include the following if either Mandatory Early Redemption Event or Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event are specified as applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and where 
the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]]] [The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) [apply/do not 
apply]] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]]/[Eight] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1221 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1189 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified 
MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
Valuation 
Date 
[Early 
Exit] 
[Lower / 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier 
Level (%) 
[Reset 
MER 
Floor 
Level (%) 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date  
MER 
Amount/ 
Upper 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount/ 
Early 
Exit 
MER 
Amount 
MERPR 
(%) 
[Mandato
ry Early 
Redempti
on 
Performa
nce 
Provision
s 
MER 
Date 
[MER 
Coupon 
[MER 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
MER 
Underlyin
g 
where 
different) 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the MER 
Underlyin
g which is 
not 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
the MER 
Underlyin
g 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] [⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
MER 
Underlyin
gs which 
is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Underlyin
g] 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
excluding
)] [⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] [⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫] 
/Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level 
/Latest 
Reset 
MER 
Barrier 
Level] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]/  
[⚫]] 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days prior 
to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlyin
gs] which 
is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any MER 
Barrier 
Underlyin
g] 
from 
[(and 
including)
] 
[(but 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[
⚫
]/[Perform
ance-
Linked 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount]/[
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
[(subject 
to 
a 
[Maximu
m 
Amount]/[
Maximum 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
(cap) of [
⚫]] [and] 
[subject to 
a 
[Minimu
m 
Amount]/[
Minimum 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on 
Amount] 
(floor) of [
⚫]] 
[Insert as 
appropria
te - For the 
purpose of 
determini
ng 
[whether a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[and] [the 
Performan
ce-Linked 
MER 
Redempti
on 
Amount 
[if a MER 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
[not] 
occurred]:
] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Call and [
⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
[Single 
Underlyin
g 
Observati
on/Weight
ed Basket 
Observati
on/ Best of 
Basket 
Observati
on /Worst 
of Basket 
Observati
on/Outper
formance 
Observati
on]] 
[ ⚫] 
/ 
[[Five]/[⚫
] Business 
Days 
following 
the 
first 
MER 
Barrier 
Observati
on Date in 
respect of 
which 
a 
Mandator
y 
Early 
Redempti
on Barrier 
Event has 
occurred] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordanc
e 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in respect 
of any FX 
Rate: or, if 
later, the 
Number 
of 
Settlemen
t Business 
Days 
following 
the 
[last 
occurring] 
MER 
Valuation 
Date 
relating to 
such MER 
Date] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e] [⚫]] 
[
⚫
] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordanc
e 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]]/[not 
adjusted]]

--- Page 1222 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1190 
 
excluding
)] [⚫] to 
[(but 
excluding
)] 
[(and 
including)
] [⚫]] 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as 
necessary where there are different MER events or Early Exit MER Barrier Events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in different 
MER amounts, Early Exit MER amounts and/or MER coupons payable) 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security/See item (v) below] 
 
(v) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph or, if the 
Securities are Preference Share Linked 
Securities, delete all the following sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph except the sub 
paragraph entitled "Provision relating to the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of Preference Share 
Linked Securities") 
 
Other Redemption Amount / Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Amount 
for 
Underlying Linked Securities: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] 
per Security] 
 
(B) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify] [[Each] such date shall be subject to 
adjustment [as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2/specify]] [[In respect 
of an Underlying, e/E]ach Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
[the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] during [specify period].  The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
[and 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(C) 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which 
purpose 
the 
Intermediary 
is 
[[The 
Calculation Agent] / [[ ⚫]] [Insert contact 
details for delivery of Asset Transfer Notice]]  
 
II. 
Entitlement: 
Entitlement per Security is [specify] 
 
III. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement 
Underlying]/[
⚫
]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1223 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1191 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Equivalent Amount: 
[As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv)] [Equivalent Amount 
per Security is [specify]] 
 
V. 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[The relevant assets to which the Securities 
relate [is/are] [specify]] 
 
VI. 
Delivery Method and 
details 
required 
for 
delivery 
using 
such 
Delivery Method: 
[Specify] [As set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5] 
 
VII. 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[For the purposes of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii)(D), the "Final 
Reference 
Level 
of 
the 
Entitlement 
Underlying" shall be [[the Underlying 
Closing Level] of the [relevant] Underlying 
on [specify]/specify other]] 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each 
Relevant 
Asset] 
[Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF 
Share/Mutual 
Fund 
Interest/specify] 
 
X. 
Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places 
 
[Include the following if "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is not applicable and 
the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement will be determined in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(a)] 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[⚫]]] [[⚫
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] [Each 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for 
any 
Redemption 
Underlying] from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)][⚫]]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1224 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1192 
 
 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation Date: 
[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
or Performance Linked Redemption Amount 
or Redemption Amount]:] [[ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] 
[Expiry Date] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked 
to Dividend Futures Contracts where the 
Relevant Price for the Specified Final 
Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" in item 12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
or 
Performance 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫
]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]]/ 
Each Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
that 
Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [⚫]]] [Not Applicable] (where a 
different Specified Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
and/or Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount, repeat and specify for each 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event and/or 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount, as 
appropriate)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date(s) below] 
 
[Specified Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [ ⚫] 
(where a different Specified Redemption 
Initial Floor Strike Date applies for any 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each 
Redemption Underlying)] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to redemption, 
Final Performance provisions and levels 
of the Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
[⚫] [and such Redemption Underlying shall 
be 
A 
Final 
Outperformance 
[A/B] 
Underlying (specify for each Redemption 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Final

--- Page 1225 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1193 
 
Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying][Specify 
Underlying(s)][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1226 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1194 
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with [⚫] highest (or 
[
⚫
] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Redemption UnderlyingWn 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1227 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1195 
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] where Nth 
means (specify) [(i.e., the highest)]] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1228 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1196 
 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] where Nth 
means (specify)] [(i.e., the lowest)] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1229 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1197 
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below:

--- Page 1230 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1198 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [⚫
] highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1231 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1199 
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1232 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1200 
 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [⚫
] highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below:

--- Page 1233 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1201 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1234 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1202 
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1235 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1203 
 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) Provisions: 
 
 
Maximum Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Minimum Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Cap – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:

--- Page 1236 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1204 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Floor: [⚫]]]  
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater 
than] [less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Threshold Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Redemption 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier Event Satisfaction Required] [and] 
[Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple 
Best Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Final 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis 
– Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
 
 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(repeat for each Best 
Oasis 
Performer, 
as 
appropriate, up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
 
 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] [⚫]% 
 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat

--- Page 1237 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1205 
 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period 
Performance – Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period 
Performance – Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, 
subject to a [Maximum Final Period 
Performance] [and] [Minimum Final Period 
Performance] [of [ ⚫]%] [and [ ⚫]]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to [⚫]].] 
 
 
C is equal to [⚫]] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1238 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1206 
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor/Global Lock-in 
Floor]] 
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: 
[Highest (or equal highest) [positive] integer] 
[Lowest (or equal lowest) [positive[ integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫
] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]]  
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (delete remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] 
[Cliquet C (Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute 
(Final)] [Cliquet B Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet 
C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies.

--- Page 1239 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1207 
 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation 
Period if more 
than 1 applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert date] 
[Insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation 
Period if more 
than 1 applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [⚫]] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: [⚫]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Cap: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor: [⚫] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya Final Performance – 
Asian Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] 
[and] [the Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as 
necessary)

--- Page 1240 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1208 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred][:] [and] 
[[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Redemption

--- Page 1241 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1209 
 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Closing 
Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date 
FVD/Lowest Closing Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Highest 
Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying)]] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be 
included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
[Redemption Initial Floor: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Floor 
Percentage: 
[In respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying(s)]:] [⚫]/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[I/i]n 
respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average Closing 
Level on Final Valuation Dates/Lowest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Final 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Final Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption Strike Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [and] [the [Final Performance]/[⚫] 
in respect thereof] [and] [I/i]n respect of 
(insert relevant Redemption Underlying ):] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary for each Redemption Underlying, 
each purpose of determining whether a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has occurred and/or each Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption 
[Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred and/or the determination of any

--- Page 1242 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1210 
 
[Final Performance]/[⚫] in respect thereof) 
[Redemption 
Initial 
Level/[
⚫
]]/The 
Redemption Strike Level specified for each 
Redemption Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
 
 
[⚫] 
[Insert as appropriate - For 
the purpose of determining 
[whether 
a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] 
Barrier 
Event has occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption 
[Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred [and] [the 
[Final Performance]/[*] in 
respect thereof]:] 
[ ⚫] [Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying, each relevant 
determination whether a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred and/or each Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has [not] occurred and/or the 
determination of any [Final Performance]/[ ⚫] in 
respect thereof) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to a Redemption 
Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Reference 
Level 
Observation]][Target Redemption Barrier 
Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Redemption 
Threshold 
Amount: [ ⚫] (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest 
Payment Dates and a Calculation 
Amount)

--- Page 1243 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1211 
 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] 
Any 
Interest 
Amount Due on Maturity Date] 
[Include 
Any 
Non-Contingent 
Interest Amount: Applicable (delete 
if not applicable)]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] [[ ⚫]%/Reset 
Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final Barrier 
Level] [greater than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] 
[being the Lower Final Barrier Level] [being 
the Upper Final Barrier Level] [and] [or] 
[less than] [less than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] 
[being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [being 
the Lower Final Barrier Level] [of [the [sum 
of the] Redemption Initial Level of the 
[relevant] 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]/ [⚫] (specify, in table format, 
where appropriate, where different for 
different Redemption Barrier Underlyings)]] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Reset Final Barrier 
Level or Latest Reset Final Barrier Level:  
[Reset Final Barrier Level/Latest Reset Final 
Barrier Level]: Applicable 
FBL Reset Floor Level: [⚫] 
[FBL 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[FBL 
Latest 
Preceding 
MER 
Level: 
[Performance]/[Performance 
Product]/[Reference Level] Applicable] 
[FBL Performance Product Base Level: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s)]/[Redemption Strike 
Level 
of 
the 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)]/[⚫]] 
[Reset MER Underlying(s): 
[Insert if 
appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Date 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s)/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlyings)/Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 1244 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1212 
 
(specify, in table format, where appropriate, 
where different for different Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings) 
(delete if not applicable)] 
 
Provisions relating to the redemption 
amount due or entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event is Not Applicable and the 
Redemption Amount is a Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[[Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption]] 
 
Provisions applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event is Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities, physical delivery of any Relevant 
Asset must be made in compliance with the 
provisions of the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended and the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – For which 
purpose 
the 
Intermediary 
is 
[[The 
Calculation Agent] / [[⚫]]] [Insert contact 
details for delivery of Asset Transfer Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(a)(F) 
(Failure 
to 
Deliver 
due 
to 
Illiquidity)) 
 
 
III. 
Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each 
Relevant Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Denominator: 
[Redemption Initial Level of the Entitlement 
Underlying]/[Redemption Strike Level of the 
Entitlement Underlying]/[⚫] 
(repeat this sub-paragraph in respect of each 
Entitlement Underlying, as necessary) 
 
VI. 
Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places

--- Page 1245 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1213 
 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
[Final 
Performance FPU] 
 
 
[Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than] [less 
than or equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each 
[any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Underlying] 
from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [⚫] 
to [(and including)][(but excluding)][⚫]].  
 
[Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] [specify Underlying(s)] [Not 
Applicable]]  
(N.B.: Specify Redemption Upper Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
Final 
Performance FPU applies)] 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due where 
no Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred and no Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions/Not 
Applicable] 
[repeat 
as 
applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for 
the [relevant] [Redemption Upper Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount due where no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event has occurred: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred and a Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event has occurred]]

--- Page 1246 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1214 
 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount due where no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event has occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/ the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has not 
occurred and a Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event has not occurred]] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due where a 
Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and no Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with [Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions] 
[Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical Delivery apply if a Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final 
Performance FPU]  
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Underlying Closing Level]  
[Gemini Event 
The Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date[s] will be [⚫]. 
The Specified Gemini Event Valuation 
Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each] [any] Scheduled 
Trading Day [for all the Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlyings] which is not a 
Disrupted Day [for any Redemption [Lower] 
Barrier Underlying] from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫]].] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less 
than or equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event Valuation Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each] 
[any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption [Lower] Barrier Underlying] 
from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫] 
to [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫]].

--- Page 1247 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1215 
 
 
[Redemption 
Lower 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying] [specify Underlying(s)] [Not 
Applicable]]  
(N.B.: Specify Redemption Lower Barrier 
Underlying(s) as Not Applicable where 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Final 
Performance FPU applies)] 
 
Redemption Lower Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for 
the [relevant] [Redemption Lower Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
(G) 
Redemption Amount due where a 
Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred 
and 
a 
Redemption 
Lower Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
I. 
Lower 
Barrier 
Event 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and a Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event has occurred]] 
 
II. 
Non Lower Barrier Event 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] [per Security]/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] 
[Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable[ – 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
apply if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and a Redemption Lower Barrier 
Event has not occurred]] 
 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1248 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1216 
 
 
III. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]  
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]]  
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
II. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a

--- Page 1249 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1217 
 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]  
 
Call Spread – Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[⚫]  
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[⚫]  
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[⚫]  
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[⚫]  
 
V. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
VI. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
VII. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1250 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1218 
 
 
XIV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]]/Not Applicable]  
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫]  
 
IV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]]/ Each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
that 
Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] [⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Lowest Closing Level on Market Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day 
Level on Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Dates] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a

--- Page 1251 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1219 
 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] 
[Lower] Barrier Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] [Lower] 
Barrier Event has occurred: [ ⚫].] [If a 
Redemption [Upper] [Lower] Barrier Event 
has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫]  
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[⚫]%]  
 
V. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1252 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1220 
 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate (FPR): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [⚫] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] [⚫]% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Buy the Dip 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial Cash Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Initial Equity Participation: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Trigger Event(i): 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
TABLE 
i 
Equity 
Allocation(i) 
Trigger Level(i) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
/[[⚫]% of the Initial 
Level of [the relevant 
Underlying] (specify 
where different for 
different 
Trigger 
Event(i), 
as 
applicable) 
(specify 
where 
relevant) 
(specify where relevant) 
 
(D) 
Cash Participation(Final) Date: 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Period Final End 
Date 
[Observation Day(Final)]/[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Observation Day(Final): 
[The final Interest Valuation Date]/[Final 
Valuation Date]/[⚫] 
 
[Include the following if the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement will be determined in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(a) or 1.7(c)] 
 
Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation Disruption (Scheduled 
Trading Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.]

--- Page 1253 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1221 
 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and 
where the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation Disruption (Disrupted 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) 
[apply/do not apply]]  
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
[Include the following if "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is not applicable and the 
Redemption Amount will be determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.7(b)] 
 
Provisions relating to the Preference 
Share-Linked Redemption Amount in 
respect of Preference Share Linked 
Securities 
[Applicable – The Securities are Preference 
Share Linked Securities] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Preference 
Share Valuation Date 
 
Split Payment Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) (CRE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Fixed Rate Security (Split 
Payment Conditions) (EE): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Split Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Override Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Split 
Payment Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
CRE Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
CRE Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1254 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1222 
 
 
(I) 
CRE Coupon: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
CRE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the CRE 
applicable in respect of relevant Interest 
Payment 
Date(s), 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s), Redemption Date or 
other Payment Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(K) 
EE: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
[(if different, specify below the EE applicable 
in respect of relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s), 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s), Redemption Date or other Payment 
Date(s)) 
[⚫]] 
 
(L) 
CRE 
Adjusted 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 9.5] 
 
(M) 
EE 
Adjusted 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 9.5] 
15. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest 
Provisions 
[and][the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Provisions [and][the Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption 
Provisions]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency)/[⚫] (Cross Rate 
B Currency) [(expressed as the number of 
units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(B) Cross Rate I Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) Cross Rate I Designated Time: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1255 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1223 
 
 
(D) Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross 
Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the number 
of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(E) Cross Rate II Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) Cross Rate II Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
16. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX 
Perf Rate shall be [the Underlying designated 
as such in item 12(ii) above/determined as set 
out below and in the definition of FX 
Performance in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary)  
 
 
(if not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per 
item 12(ii), delete sub paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units 
of [⚫] for which one unit of [ ⚫] can be 
exchanged)]/Not Applicable as FX Perf 
Cross Rate applies] (if Not Applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
FX Perf Designated Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] 
(FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed 
as the number of units of [⚫] for which one 
unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] 
(FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed 
as the number of units of [⚫] for which one 
unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
FX 
Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
FX 
Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[⚫] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring]

--- Page 1256 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1224 
 
Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] 
Strike Date (specify each as relevant where 
different dates apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] 
Specified [Interest][MER][Final] Valuation 
Date (specify each as relevant where 
different dates apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
17. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes][Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes] 
 
[– 
Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit Linked Principal]/[Credit Linked 
Interest]] (Only include if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
(ii) 
[Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption][Cash 
Redemption][Physical Redemption][Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
[- 
Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not Applicable]]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable. Only include for 
Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption][LA 
Physical 
Redemption][LA 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[⚫] per cent.][100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable. This will not be 
applicable for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[ ⚫] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable)]] (Delete this row if

--- Page 1257 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1225 
 
not applicable. This will not be applicable 
for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the 
Interest Amount]/[ ⚫] as specified in 
paragraph[s] [ ⚫] (cross refer to relevant 
interest 
provision 
above) 
above]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only include if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xi) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the 
Interest Amount]/[ ⚫] as specified in 
paragraph[s] [ ⚫] (cross refer to relevant 
interest 
provision 
above) 
above]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only include if 'Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign, include the following additional 
information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity 
or, if different from the registered office, its 
main administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, 
and legal form which it has adopted under 
such legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; 
and 
name of the stock exchange or of another 
regulated 
market 
which is 
regularly 
operating, recognised and open to the public 
where the shares and other securities of the 
Reference Entity are admitted) 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation below if the fallback to a Non-
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
under

--- Page 1258 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1226 
 
paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply.) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a 
short description thereof if the Reference 
Entity is not a sovereign] 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method 
and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable and for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable and for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes) 
 
(xiii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1259 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1227 
 
 
- 
Reference Entities, Transaction 
Type and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity,  the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per

--- Page 1260 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1228 
 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xiv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and Seniority 
Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption

--- Page 1261 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1229 
 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [⚫] Version] 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
– 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable)

--- Page 1262 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1230 
 
 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [⚫] Version] 
 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the

--- Page 1263 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1231 
 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[ ⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the 
Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as 
published in Appendix 1 hereto][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 
'Credit 
Payment 
on 
Maturity' 
is 
applicable) 
 
(xvii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1264 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1232 
 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto](Insert if 
'Index' is applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not 
applicable) 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional  
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[ ⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche 
Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point]

--- Page 1265 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1233 
 
 
- 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
- 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 
'Credit 
Payment 
on 
Maturity' 
is 
applicable) 
(xviii) Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maturity date of Reference 
Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[ ⚫][The aggregate principal amount of 
Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
outstanding] 
 
- 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, in each case, 
subject as provided in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility 
Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1266 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1234 
 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest:   [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Principal:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Risk Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]  
 
- 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if Physical 
Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xix) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(xx) 
Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
- 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed]

--- Page 1267 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1235 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Domestic 
Currency" in the Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [⚫] years (Specify if 
default is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation 
applicable for each Reference Entity other 
than those determined by reference to

--- Page 1268 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1236 
 
Obligation 
Category 
and 
Obligation 
Characteristics]] 
 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
60 Business Day Cap on Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional Provisions for Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Additional Provisions for Senior, Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
"Applicable", please specify for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
(xxxi) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
(xxxii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [⚫ or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant failure to pay] 
[OR] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]]

--- Page 1269 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1237 
 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
- 
Credit Deterioration Condition: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not 
necessary to specify "Applicable" as the 
default position under the Credit Linked 
Conditions is for a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information to apply] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] 
(xxxiii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[ ⚫] [Number of days] prior to] [Trade 
Date][Issue Date][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(xxxiv) Standard Event Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxv) Non-Standard Event Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Event Determination Date Version B as 
applicable where the hedging CDS has only 
one Notifying Party (i.e. "Buyer" or "Seller" 
is specified as the Notifying Party). 
Otherwise specify "Not Applicable" and the 
Event Determination Date provisions which 
are equivalent to having two Notifying 
Parties under a CDS will apply]

--- Page 1270 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1238 
 
 
(xxxvi) Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(xxxvii) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
- 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[⚫] Business Days and each [⚫] Business 
Days thereafter. [Number of Valuation 
Dates: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average Market][Lowest] 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued Interest][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 16(a)(ii)(C)] 
(xxxix) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (This will not 
be applicable to Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
 
- 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days] [As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable) 
 
- 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xl) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms/Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
(Delete this row for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes)

--- Page 1271 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1239 
 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(xli) 
Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify] [As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions], being as 
of the [Trade Date][Effective Date][Specify 
date] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
(xlii) 
[Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable) 
(xliii) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount] [Each Note's 
pro rata share of an amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
 
(xliv) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
18. 
Index Skew Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(iv) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms:

--- Page 1272 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1240 
 
 
– 
Eligible Index: 
[[⚫] (Specify Index name)] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] 
 
– 
Relevant Annex: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] [incorporating the [⚫](Specify 
name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Original 
Notional 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Eligible Index, as set out in Appendix 2 hereto. 
 
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [⚫] – [[⚫] 
(Specify date of publication)] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[⚫] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication, if 
applicable)]] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/ [⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Hypothetical Single Name Set, as set out in 
Appendix 2 hereto. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
19. 
Form of Securities 
[Registered Securities 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate 
[(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for Euroclear 
France]/Rule 144A Global Registered Security

--- Page 1273 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1241 
 
Certificate [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered 
in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Securities - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which apply to the Securities)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Securities – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent]] 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are French Law Securities, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the following: 
 
[Form of Securities: 
[French Bearer Securities (au porteur) / French 
Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)] 
 
Representation 
of 
Securityholders 
/ 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse ] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if 
any, and their remuneration. Otherwise, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Name and address of the initial Representative: [⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] / 
[The Representative will receive a remuneration of [
⚫]]. 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [
⚫] 
[The alternate Representative will receive no 
remuneration] / [The alternate Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [⚫]]. 
[As long as the French Law Securities are held by a 
single Securityholder such Securityholder will  
exercise directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative 
and 
General 
Meetings 
of 
Securityholders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when the French 
Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one 
Securityholder.] 
 
Identification 
information 
of 
Securityholders in relation to French Law 
Securities (General Condition 2): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 1274 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1242 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day) 
22. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment) 
23. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) apply] 
24. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 14 (Further Issues) apply] 
25. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) 
apply] 
 
[Additional Requirements 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
26. 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [⚫] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at [⚫]] 
27. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent. If 
no 
Determination 
Agent 
is 
specified, 
the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation Agent)] 
28. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" 
is applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where the 
Securities are French Law Securities) 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Determinations 
and 
Exercise 
of 
Discretion (BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Securities are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium) 
31. 
Other final terms: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts 
from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) from

--- Page 1275 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1243 
 
Euroclear Sweden – only applicable in case of 
Swedish Securities] 
The Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear 
Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire 
from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of 
Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is 
technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list.] 
32. 
Additional 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
Italian Listed Certificates: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) 
for the purposes of [Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[EuroTLX]: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Record Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Applicable in respect of Italian Listed 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on SeDeX 
and/or EuroTLX only. The Minimum Trading Lot is 
as determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) 
33. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]]

--- Page 1276 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1244 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3)  is applicable 
in respect of the Securities)  
34. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[⚫]] 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [⚫
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If 
"Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption" 
is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]  
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.1) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
 
35. 
Details relating to Instalment Securities: 
amount 
of 
each 
Instalment 
Amount 
(including any maximum or minimum 
Instalment Amount), date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[IA Adjusted Calculation Amount: [[ ⚫]/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1277 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1245 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
……………………………………….. 
 
Duly authorised]28  
 
 
 
28 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 1278 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1246 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the [Tranche [⚫]] 
Securities to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant non-EEA/United Kingdom regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Vienna MTF of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ 
Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ Stockholm AB, the 
International Securities Market of the London Stock 
Exchange or SPECTRUM) and, if relevant, listing 
on an official list (for example, the official list of 
Euronext Dublin, the official list of Euronext Paris 
or the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from on or around [⚫] [of 
the Tranche [⚫] Securities]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Tranche [⚫] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant non-EEA/United 
Kingdom regulated market (for example, the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or the 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange or 
the NASDAQ Stockholm MTF of NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB, the International Securities Market 
of the London Stock Exchange or SPECTRUM) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Euronext Dublin, the 
official list of Euronext Paris or the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)] with effect from 
[⚫]/[[⚫] of the Tranche [⚫] Securities]] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Securities are already admitted to trading) 
 
Estimated expenses relating to admission to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating)

--- Page 1279 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1247 
 
3. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is [electronically] 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][⚫].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
[electronically] available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][⚫
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained.) 
 
(Where the Underlying is an index, include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
4. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name], 
as 
administrator of [specify benchmark], is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation] [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal 
name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]] (Repeat as necessary) 
5. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for Indices which are not Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]29 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]30, [⚫] (the Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent]) for the Underlying and any of their respective directors, 
officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each a Relevant Person) makes any 
express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of purchasing the 
Securities, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time on any particular date, (c) the 
results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other person or entity, from the use 
of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) the merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. Each Relevant Person hereby 
expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of accuracy, 
completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Underlying. 
No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special, punitive, consequential or 
 
29 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
30 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1280 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1248 
 
otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. [The Index Sponsor is 
not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under any obligation to continue 
the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor shall they have any liability 
for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the Underlying. The Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any 
other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of the Underlying prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index Conditions) 
may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back-testing is 
illustrative only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and 
assumptions and estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of 
the actual results that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any 
scenario analysis is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of 
the Underlying nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the 
Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
at [the Schedule attached hereto][in the Base Listing Particulars]. Any decision to invest in the 
Securities should be based upon the information contained in the Base Listing Particulars and this 
Pricing Supplement only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities without the prior written consent of the 
Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary 
clearing and settlement procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
Certain information contained in this Pricing Supplement consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg®). The Issuer [and the 
CGMHI Guarantor] 31  [and the CGMFL Guarantor] 32  accept[s] responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor]33 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor are]34 [is/are] aware and [is/are] able to ascertain from such publicly-
available information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility 
for the reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. 
Bloomberg® does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫]  
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
CUSIP: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
31 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
32 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
33 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
34 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1281 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1249 
 
 
FISN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and DTC and the relevant 
identification number(s) and details relating 
to the relevant depositary, if applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[⚫]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland (CREST) via the CREST 
Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism. 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc, Dublin, Ireland]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure,] [Include this text for Registered 
Securities which are to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure or NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Reasons for the issue: 
The 
Securities 
are 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Social Finance Bonds]. [insert further 
particulars 
if 
different 
from 
"Investment 
Considerations" section]] 
(Include for Green Bonds. Where the Securities are 
Green Bonds, include further particulars, including

--- Page 1282 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1250 
 
a description of any Eligible Green Assets, where 
necessary) 
(Include for Social Bonds. Where the Securities are 
Social Bonds, include further particulars, including 
a description of the affordable housing assets, 
where necessary. Securities may only be Social 
Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
(Include for Social Finance Bonds. Where the 
Securities are Social Finance Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of any 
Social Finance Assets, where necessary. Securities 
may only be Social Finance Bonds if Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
I. 
Method 
of 
distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
II. 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the 
Lead 
Manager 
and 
the 
other 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments and statement of 
portion not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
III. 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][⚫]]  
 
IV. 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
V. 
If 
non-
syndicated, name 
and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
VI. 
[Total 
commission and 
concession: 
[None]/ 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/ 
[⚫] per Security]/ 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [ ⚫] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Security]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein]]

--- Page 1283 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1251 
 
 
VII. 
[Prohibition 
of 
Offer to Private 
Clients 
in 
Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland) 
 
VIII. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is 
being prepared] [during the period[s] [ ⚫]-[ ⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant 
specified 
period(s), 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
 
IX. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] [
⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant 
specified 
period(s), 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
8. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
General: [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Securities as 
[debt/fixed- rate debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/contingent payment debt instruments, [for 
which purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists 
of the following payments: [⚫] for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Securities/foreign currency Securities issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi- annually/quarterly/monthly] and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists of the following payments: [⚫
]/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/short-term Securities/prepaid forward contracts or options/prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments/a put and a deposit, for which purpose, the 
Issuer will treat [⚫]% of each coupon on a Security as interest on the deposit and [⚫]% as put 
premium/[specify other]]. [The Securities are Non-U.S. Securities]. 
 
Section 871(m):  
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final). [The Issuer has determined 
that  the Securities are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the 
amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are

--- Page 1284 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1252 
 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be updated 
at issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" 
test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below 
for additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to 
calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer would treat the 
Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) 
the Securities have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs 
because the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified 
Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in 
the table below.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue 
Date for the Securities is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Securities do not have a "delta" of one.] This 
information is indicative and will be updated based on circumstances at the time the 
Securities are issued. Please [contact []]/[review the amended Pricing Supplement] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
 
[The Securities are Specified Current Payment Securities./The Securities are Specified Net Total 
Return Securities.] 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Securities are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.) 
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying  
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/ 
Qualified 
Index Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract (Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number 
of 
Shares 
Multiplied by 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Initial Hedge 
(if applicable) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, 
GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE 
SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help 
investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s)]]

--- Page 1285 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1253 
 
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
10
. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin only) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 1286 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1254 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1287 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1255 
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at  Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1288 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1256 
 
APPENDIX 2 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1289 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1257 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1290 ---
STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES 
1258 
 
SECTION H - STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES 
SECURITIES WITH OFFER PERIODS CONTINUING BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE 
DECEMBER 2022 CGMFL UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Offer Period (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) of the December 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities (as defined below) extends beyond the validity of the December 2022 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus"). Following the expiry of the December 
2022 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus and the approval of the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (as defined in this Base Prospectus) the offering of the December 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities will continue under the CGMFL Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the securities 
from the December 2022 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus or such other base 
prospectus as specified in the Final Terms (and in each case which are incorporated by reference into the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus) will continue to apply to the December 2022 Base Prospectus Securities. The 
Final Terms in respect of the December 2022 Base Prospectus Securities are available at the website(s) 
specified therein. 
Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the December 2022 Base 
Prospectus Securities during the validity period of the December 2022 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus and before the CGMFL Base Prospectus was published, shall have a right, 
exercisable within two working days after the publication of the CGMFL Base Prospectus ending 
on 19 December 2023, to withdraw their acceptances, unless the December 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities have already been delivered to them. In order to exercise such withdrawal right, 
investors may contact the relevant Authorised Offeror.  
For the purposes hereof, "December 2022 Base Prospectus Securities" means: 
Name of the December 2022 Base Prospectus 
Securities 
ISIN 
Issue of up to 7,500 Memory Coupon Barrier 
Autocall Certificates due January 2027 linked to 
the Worst Performing of Oracle Corporation and 
Salesforce, Inc. 
XS2623593956 
Issue of up to SEK 50,000,000 Call Notes linked 
to The Solactive OMX Stockholm Future 3.5 
Index (Adjusted Return) (SEK), due March 2030 
SE0021149945 
Issue of up to SEK 50,000,000 Worst of 
Snowballing Autocall Notes linked to a Basket of 
Shares, due March 2029 
SE0021150562 
Issue of up to 6,900 Memory Coupon Barrier 
Autocall Certificates due January 2027 linked to 
the Worst Performing of ASML Holding N.V. 
and STMicroelectronics N.V. 
XS2623594764 
Issue of up to 20,000 Units of Euro 1,000 
Memory Coupon Barrier Autocall Certificates 
Based Upon Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
XS2623592040

--- Page 1291 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1259 
 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ ................................................................. xxiii 
€ ................................................................. xxiii 
1/1 ............................................................... 828 
10-year Limitation Date ............................. 601 
2.5-year Limitation Date ............................ 601 
2006 Definitions ................................... 84, 800 
2014 ISDA Definitions ............................... 645 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event 
Supplement ......................................... 576, 645 
2021 Definitions ........................................... 84 
30/360 ......................................................... 826 
30E/360 ...................................................... 827 
30E/360 (ISDA) ......................................... 827 
360/360 ....................................................... 826 
A ................................................................. 650 
Abandonment of Scheme ........................... 398 
Abs ............................................. 651, 728, 773 
absolute value ............................................. 184 
Absolute Value ........................... 651, 728, 773 
Accelerated or Matured ...................... 588, 620 
Accrual Business Day................................. 819 
Accrual Condition .............................. 816, 820 
Accrual Condition 1 ................................... 820 
Accrual Condition 2 ................................... 820 
Accrual Condition 3 ................................... 820 
Accrual Cut-Off Date ......................... 650, 820 
Accrual Day ................................................ 820 
Accrual Days .............................................. 820 
Accrual Factor ............................................ 816 
Accrual Interest Rate .................................. 816 
accrual-method holder ................................ 237 
Accrued Interest ......................................... 270 
act(t-1,t) ...................................................... 405 
Actual Ex-Dividend Date ........................... 405 
Actual Exercise Date .......................... 337, 338 
Actual Interim Valuation Date ................... 429 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date ............ 429 
Actual/360 .................................................. 826 
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................... 826 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................. 826 
Actual/Actual .............................................. 826 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 826 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 826 
Additional Adjustment Event ..................... 787 
Additional Disruption Event378, 403, 412, 422, 
429 
Additional Early Redemption Event ........... 787 
Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements .............................................. 369 
Additional Requirements ............................ 368 
Additional Risk Event ................................ 576 
Additional Risk Event Start Date ............... 576 
Adj .............................................................. 820 
Adjustment Event ....................................... 787 
Adjustment Factor ...................................... 405 
Adjustment Spread ................................ 53, 842 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ................ 793 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions . 83 
Advisor Resignation Event ......................... 434 
AEOI ........................................................... 309 
AEOI Act .................................................... 309 
AF ............................................................... 774 
AFBA Working Group ................................. 94 
Affected Component ................................... 452 
Affected Depositary Receipt ....................... 420 
Affected Mutual Fund ................................. 435 
Affected Mutual Fund Interests .................. 436 
Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date ........ 436 
Affected Mutual Fund Value ...................... 436 
Affected Reference Entity ........................... 576 
Affected Relevant Assets ............................ 838 
Affected Valuation Date ............................. 452 
Affiliate ....................................................... 375 
Affiliated Entities ........................................ 285 
Affiliation.................................................... 285 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio .... 94 
AFt .............................................................. 406 
AFt-1 ........................................................... 406 
Agents ......................................................... 318 
Aggregate Default Count ............................ 576 
Aggregate Loss Amount ............................. 576 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ................. 608 
Aggregate Recovery Amount ...................... 576 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount ....... 577 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 577 
AIAF ............................................................. vii 
All Monies Guarantee ................................. 161 
Allowance Directive ................................... 398 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount .......... 839 
Amending Cooperation Directive ............... 274 
AMF .................................................... 203, 221 
Analysis Provider .......................................... 43 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts ............ 262 
Annual 
Tax 
on 
Securities 
Accounts 
Representative ............................................. 263 
Annuity ....................................................... 773 
Annuity Factor ............................................ 774 
Annuity Floor .............................................. 774 
APMs .......................................................... 170 
Applicable Auction ..................................... 577 
Applicable 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Auction 
Settlement Terms ........................................ 577 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement
 .................................................................... 577 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Meeting 
Announcement ............................................ 578 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ........ 578 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Question 
Dismissal ..................................................... 578

--- Page 1292 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1260 
 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement
 .................................................................... 578 
applicable Final Terms .................................. ix 
applicable laws ........................................... 613 
Applicable Percentage ................................ 405 
applicable Pricing Supplement ...................... ix 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount ..... 578 
Applicable Proportion ................................ 578 
Applicable Resolution ................................ 579 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms .......................................................... 579 
ART ............................................................ 274 
Articles ....................................................... 157 
ASIC ........................................................... 215 
Asset ........................................................... 579 
Asset Market Value .................................... 579 
Asset Package ..................................... 485, 579 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount . 552 
Asset Package Credit Event ........................ 580 
Asset Package Delivery .............................. 188 
Asset Transfer Notice ................................. 832 
Asset Trigger Event .................................... 429 
Assignable Loan ................................. 589, 620 
ASX ............................................................ 215 
Attachment Point ........................................ 580 
Auction ....................................... 479, 580, 614 
Auction Cancellation Date ......................... 580 
Auction Final Price ..................................... 580 
Auction Final Price Determination Date .... 580 
Auction Redemption Amount ..................... 580 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice ......... 581 
Auction Redemption Date .......................... 581 
AUD .......................................................... xxiii 
Australian Bond Basis ................................ 828 
Australian dollars ...................................... xxiii 
Authorised Offeror ...................................... xiii 
Authorised Offeror Terms ........................... xiv 
Authorised Offeror(s) ............................... 1046 
Authorities ...................................................... 8 
Autocall Observation Date ......................... 781 
Automatic Exercise .................................... 337 
Average Highest ......................................... 640 
Average Market .......................................... 640 
B ................................................................. 651 
bail-in option .................................................. 9 
Bank Rate ....................................... 50, 85, 803 
Banking Act .................................................... 8 
banking organisation .................................. 200 
Bankruptcy ................................................. 581 
Barrier ......................................................... 820 
Barrier 1 ...................................................... 820 
Barrier 2 ...................................................... 820 
Barrier 3 ...................................................... 820 
Base Currency ............................................ 437 
Base Level .................................................. 388 
Base Listing Particulars ........... viii, 1059, 1060 
Base Prospectus ........................ i, viii, 853, 854 
Belgium ...................................................... 259 
Benchmark.................................................. 793 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event
 .................................................................... 793 
Benchmarks Regulations .............................. 50 
Beneficial Owner ........................................ 201 
Beneficiary .................................................. 165 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ........... 747 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date ....... 673 
Best Oasis Performer .................................. 651 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer .............. 730 
Best of Amount ........................................... 331 
Big Data Analysis ......................................... 43 
Bloomberg® ................................... 1042, 1248 
Board of Managers ...................................... 158 
Bond .................................................... 609, 620 
Bond Basis .................................................. 826 
Bond Index .................................................. 378 
Bond or Loan .............................................. 609 
Borrowed Money ................................ 609, 620 
Brazilian real ..............................................xxiii 
BRL ............................................................. 443 
Bullion Commodity .................................... 398 
Business Day ............................................... 375 
Business Day Convention ........................... 344 
Business Investors ....................................... 272 
C .................................................................. 730 
C.F.R. .......................................................... 377 
CA ............................................................... 771 
Calculation Agent ....................................... 318 
Calculation Agent Determination ....... 398, 441 
Calculation Amount .................................... 375 
Calculation Period ....................................... 826 
Call Cap .............................................. 728, 774 
Call Floor ............................................ 728, 774 
Cancellation ................................................ 398 
Capital Market Act ...................................... 219 
Capital Ratio ............................................... 581 
Capital Repayable Amount ......................... 847 
Cash Accrual ............................................... 822 
Cash Accrual(t – 1) ..................................... 823 
Cash Participation((t – 1) ............................ 823 
Cash Participation(Final) ............................ 823 
Cash Participation(Final) Date .................... 823 
Cash Participation(t) ................................... 823 
Cash Redemption Amount .......................... 581 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice .............. 582 
Cash Redemption Date ............................... 582 
Cash Settled Securities ........................... vi, 319 
cash-method holder ..................................... 237 
CCO ............................................................ 158 
CCP ............................................................. 471 
CDI ................................................................. x 
CDI Holders ................................................ 204 
CDIs ............................................................ 204 
CEA ............................................................... xi 
Central Bank .................................................. vi 
CEO ............................................................ 148 
Certificate Balance ...................................... 582 
Certificates ............................................. iv, 320 
CFTC ............................................. xi, 163, 788 
CGMFL .......................... iii, 157, 165, 311, 318

--- Page 1293 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1261 
 
CGMFL 2021 Annual Report ..................... 125 
CGMFL 2022 Annual Report ..................... 125 
CGMFL 2023 Interim Financial Report ..... 125 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars ................ viii 
CGMFL Base Prospectus ..................... viii, xxi 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant ........................ 318 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee .................. iii, 319 
CGMFL Guarantor ................................ iii, 318 
CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report .... 125 
CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual Report .... 125 
CGMFL Guarantor 2023 Interim Report .... 125 
CGMHI .......................................... iii, 151, 318 
CGMHI 2021 Annual Report ..................... 112 
CGMHI 2022 Annual Report ..................... 112 
CGMHI 2023 Half-Yearly Financial Report
 .................................................................... 112 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars ................. viii 
CGMHI Base Prospectus ...................... viii, xxi 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant ......................... 318 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee ................... iii, 318 
CGMHI Guarantor................................. iii, 318 
CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll.................... xxv 
CGML ........................................... iii, 163, 318 
Chairman .................................................... 357 
Change in Law ............................................ 787 
Chilean Securities Market Law .................. 218 
CISA ........................................................... 850 
CIT ..................................................... 303, 304 
CIT Law ..................................................... 301 
CIT Regulations ......................................... 304 
Citi ................................................. iii, 142, 151 
Citi Support Agreement ...................... 144, 145 
Citicorp ............................................... 144, 145 
Citigroup ........................................ iii, 142, 151 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Form 10-K .. 100, 112, 125 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 10-Q100, 
112, 
125 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q1 Form 8-K100, 112, 125 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 10-Q100, 
112, 
126 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q2 Form 8-K100, 112, 125 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 10-Q100, 
112, 
126 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Q3 Form 8-K100, 112, 126 
Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars ........ viii 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus .............. viii, xx 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant ................ 318 
Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll .......... xxv 
Class ........................................................... 311 
clearing agency ........................................... 200 
clearing corporation .................................... 200 
Clearing Systems ........................................ 200 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ...................... x, 321 
Cliquet Final Decimal................................. 748 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor ................ 747 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum ................. 748 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer ..... 748 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor ............. 673 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum .............. 674 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer .. 674 
Cliquet Underlying Return .......................... 674 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) .............. 748 
CMA ................................................... xxv, 229 
CMB ........................................................... 233 
CMF .................................................... 218, 221 
CMF Rule 336 ............................................ 218 
CMS Interest Rate ............................... 812, 825 
CMS Rate Securities ................................... 812 
CMS Reference Rate ................................... 812 
CMS Reference Rate [1]927, 937, 950, 1138, 
1148, 1160 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ................................ 812 
CMS Reference Rate 2812, 927, 937, 950, 
1138, 1148, 1160 
CMVM ........................................................ 227 
CNBV ......................................................... 225 
CNY ...........................................................xxiii 
CoCo Provision ........................................... 582 
CoCo Reference Entity ............................... 582 
Code ....................... xi, 20, 209, 345, 852, 1059 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ................. 278 
Combined Prior Count ................................ 561 
Commodity ................................................. 398 
Commodity Condition ................................ 398 
Commodity Dealers .................................... 398 
Commodity Exchange Act .......................... 788 
Commodity Index ....................................... 392 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event.......... 395 
Commodity Index Cancellation .................. 395 
Commodity Index Condition ...................... 392 
Commodity Index Disruption ..................... 395 
Commodity Index Linked Securities ............. vi 
Commodity Index Modification .................. 395 
Commodity Index Substitution ................... 396 
Commodity Linked Securities ....................... vi 
Commodity Price ........................................ 398 
Common Safekeeper ................................... 196 
Companies Act ............................................ 223 
Companies Act 1915 ................................... 157 
Company ..................................................... 142 
comparable yield ......................................... 241 
Competent Authority ..................................... vi 
Competent Official...... 409, 418, 426, 433, 461 
Component .......................................... 392, 449 
component CDSs .................................. 78, 195 
Component Cut-off Date ............................. 452 
Component Disrupted Day.......................... 452 
Component Scheduled Trading Day ........... 452 
component securities ..................................... 23 
Component Security .................................... 378 
Component Share ........................................ 403 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event ........................................................... 410 
Component Share Company ....................... 403 
Component Trading Day ............................. 392 
Component Valuation Roll ......................... 452 
Compounded Daily SOFR .......................... 804 
Compounded Daily SONIA ........................ 801 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ....... 582 
Conditions ................................. 317, 853, 1059

--- Page 1294 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1262 
 
Conforming Reference Obligation ............. 583 
Consent Period ............................................ xiv 
Consent Required Loan ...................... 589, 620 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions
 .................................................................... 643 
Contingent Interest ..................................... 583 
Contingent Securities.................................. 240 
Contributable Assets ........................... 144, 145 
control ......................................................... 375 
Corporate Action ......... 407, 416, 424, 432, 460 
Corporate Manager ..................................... 158 
Corrected Level .......................................... 786 
Corrected Rate .................................... 796, 810 
Correction Period383, 395, 402, 410, 420, 435, 
450, 454, 787 
corresponding ............................................. 643 
Corresponding Tenor .................................. 842 
Coupon Amount ................................. 807, 811 
Coupon Rate ............................................... 823 
covered entities ............................................... 6 
Covered Instrument .................................... 377 
Covered Instruments ....................................... 6 
CRD V .......................................................... 91 
CRE ............................................................ 847 
CRE Adjusted Calculation Amount ........... 847 
CRE Coupon............................................... 847 
CRE Redemption Amount .......................... 847 
CRE Redemption Date ............................... 847 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 .................................................................... 583 
Credit Derivatives Definitions .................... 583 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 .................................................................... 583 
Credit Event ................................................ 583 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............... 187, 583 
Credit Event Notice .................................... 584 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ............. 584 
Credit Event Redemption Date ................... 584 
Credit Event Redemption Method .............. 585 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date 468, 585 
Credit Event Writedown Date .................... 585 
Credit Events .............................................. 185 
Credit Linked Conditions ........................... 504 
Credit Linked Interest Notes....................... 585 
Credit Linked Note ..................................... 585 
Credit Linked Notes ......................... iv, vi, 504 
Credit Linked Principal Notes .................... 585 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount ......... 585 
CREST ................................x, 204, 1043, 1249 
CREST Deed Poll ....................................... 204 
CREST Depository ..................................... 204 
CREST International Manual ..................... 205 
CREST International Settlement Links Service
 .................................................................... 205 
CREST Manual .......................................... 204 
CREST Nominee ........................................ 204 
CREST Rules ............................................. 205 
cross rate ..................................................... 184 
Cross Rate I Designated Page ..... 651, 692, 731 
Cross Rate I Designated Time .... 651, 692, 731 
Cross Rate II Designated Page .... 651, 692, 731 
Cross Rate II Designated Time ... 651, 692, 731 
Cross-contamination ........................... 427, 435 
CRR ............................................................ 585 
CSSF ........................................... 100, 112, 125 
Currency Amount........................................ 585 
Currency Disruption Event ......................... 438 
Currency Pair .............................................. 437 
Currency Rate ............................................. 586 
Currency Rate Source ................................. 586 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 441, 446 
Current Base Listing Particulars ............... 1060 
Current Cash Accrual .......................... 690, 823 
Current IPD ................................................. 825 
CUSIP ......................................................... 586 
Custodian .................................................... 586 
Cut-off Date ........................................ 387, 832 
Cut-off Valuation Date ............... 456, 459, 784 
Czech Holder .............................................. 267 
Czech Koruna ............................................xxiii 
CZK ...........................................................xxiii 
d .................................................. 801, 803, 804 
D ................................................................. 731 
d0 ........................................................ 801, 804 
D1 ............................................................... 827 
D2 ....................................................... 827, 828 
Day Count ................................................... 823 
Day Count Fraction ..................................... 826 
Day Count Period ........................................ 823 
Day Count Period Final End Date ............... 823 
days accrued ................................................ 820 
Days Accrued .............................................. 685 
days observed .............................................. 821 
Days Observed ............................................ 685 
dc................................................................. 806 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date 586 
DC Credit Event Announcement ................ 586 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement .. 586 
DC Credit Event Question .......................... 586 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .......... 586 
DC Member .................................................. 65 
DC No Credit Event Announcement........... 586 
DC Resolution ............................................. 587 
DC Rules ............................................... 65, 587 
DC Secretary ............................................... 587 
DC-determined EDD .......................... 537, 586 
DCF ............................................................. 685 
Dealer ............................................................. vi 
Dealers ........................................................... vi 
Dealership Agreement ................................ 208 
Debt Designated Securities ......................... 236 
December 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 128 
December 2020 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 114 
December 2020 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus .................... 102 
December 2021 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 128

--- Page 1295 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1263 
 
December 2021 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 114 
December 2021 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ................... 103 
December 2022 Base Prospectus Securities
 .................................................................. 1258 
December 2022 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 128 
December 2022 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 115 
December 2022 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ................... 103 
Decree No. 201 ........................................... 283 
Decree No. 239 ........................................... 277 
Decree No. 461 ........................................... 278 
Decree No. 512 ........................................... 281 
Deeds of Covenant ..................................... 318 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date .................... 820 
Default Requirement .................................. 587 
default right ................................................ 377 
default rights ................................................... 7 
Deferral Period ........................................... 445 
Delayed Publication and Announcement.... 398 
Delisting ..............................408, 417, 425, 429 
Deliver ................................................ 587, 588 
Deliverable Obligation ............................... 588 
Deliverable Obligation Category ................ 588 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ....... 588 
Deliverable Obligation Notice ............ 544, 589 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions .............. 590 
Deliverable Obligation Terms .................... 590 
Deliverable Obligations .............................. 479 
Delivered ............................................ 587, 588 
Delivery .............................................. 587, 588 
Delivery Date ............................. 399, 590, 835 
Delivery Expenses ...................................... 590 
Denomination Currency ........... 840, 856, 1062 
Deposit ....................................................... 246 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 412 
Deposit Value ............................................. 247 
Depositary .................................................. 412 
Depositary Receipt ..................................... 412 
Depositary Receipt Condition .................... 412 
Depositary Receipt Exchange ..................... 412 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day
 .................................................................... 412 
Depositary Receipt Linked Securities ........... vi 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange........ 412 
Depositary Receipt Substitution ................. 420 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria .... 420 
derivative character .................................... 232 
Designated Maturity ........ 921, 951, 1131, 1162 
Designated Page ......................... 651, 692, 731 
Designated Time ......................... 651, 692, 731 
De-stapling Event ....................................... 410 
Determination Agent .................................. 828 
Determination Period.................................. 828 
DFSA .......................................................... 220 
DIFC Markets Rules ................................... 220 
Direct Loan Participation ................... 589, 620 
Direct Participants ....................................... 200 
Disappearance of Commodity Price............ 399 
Disbursing Agent ........................................ 271 
Discussion ................................................... 267 
Dispute ........................................................ 373 
Disrupted Day380, 393, 399, 401, 406, 414, 
423, 432, 438, 444, 450, 454, 457 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount ........ 838 
Disruption Event ................................. 399, 441 
Disruption Fallback ............................. 399, 442 
distribution .................................................... 41 
distributor ................................................. xxviii 
Dividend Futures Contract .......................... 453 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event
 .................................................................... 455 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation ..... 455 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition ......... 453 
Dividend Futures Contract Disruption ........ 455 
Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities vi 
Dividend Futures Contract Modification .... 455 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor ............ 453 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution ...... 455 
Dividend Screen Page ................................. 405 
Dodd-Frank Act .......................................... 143 
Domestic Currency ..................................... 590 
Domestic Law ............................................. 590 
Dominican Securities Law .......................... 220 
Downstream Affiliate .................................. 590 
DTC ................................................ x, 196, 321 
DTC Rules .................................................. 200 
DTC Securities ............................................ 200 
DTCC .......................................................... 200 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate .................... 840 
Dual Exchange Rate .................................... 438 
Due and Payable Amount ........................... 590 
Early Exit Lower MER Barrier Level ......... 715 
Early Exit MER Amount ............................ 718 
Early Exit MER Barrier Event .................... 710 
Early Exit MER Barrier Level .................... 715 
Early Exit MER Barrier Observation Date . 691 
Early Exit MER Barrier Underlying(s) ....... 715 
Early Exit MERBU ..................................... 715 
Early Exit Upper MER Barrier Level ......... 715 
Early Redemption Amount ......................... 463 
Early Redemption Date ............................... 331 
Early Redemption Event ............................. 787 
Early Redemption Interest Amount ............ 800 
Early Redemption Notice ............................ 460 
Early Redemption Put Notice ..................... 330 
Early Redemption Valuation Date .............. 463 
Ecuador Reference Entity ........................... 590 
EE ............................................................... 847 
EE Adjusted Calculation Amount ............... 847 
EEA ........................................................ vi, 264 
Effective Date ............................................. 590 
EIN .............................................................. 151 
Electronic Consent ...................................... 354 
Electronic Page ........................................... 787 
Eligible Green Assets .................................... 92 
Eligible Green Projects ................................. 92

--- Page 1296 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1264 
 
Eligible Index ............................................. 645 
Eligible Information ................................... 590 
Eligible Transferee ..................................... 590 
EMU ........................................................... 387 
English Law Securities ....................... x, 1, 317 
Entitlement ......................................... 763, 782 
Entitlement Denominator ........................... 763 
Entitlement Price ........................................ 763 
Entitlement Ratio ........................................ 763 
Entitlement Underlying .............................. 763 
Equality Adjustment ................... 651, 692, 731 
Equity Allocation(i) .................................... 823 
Equity Amount ........................................... 847 
Equity Invested Allocation(0) .................... 823 
Equity Invested Allocation(i) ..................... 824 
Equivalent Amount ..................................... 763 
equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument ......... 240 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest ................ 435 
ERISA ......................... xi, 207, 209, 852, 1059 
ERISA Plans ............................................... 207 
ESG ............................................................ 148 
ESMA ................................................... xii, xvii 
ESMA Register ............................................. 51 
Established Rate ......................................... 372 
ETF ................................................................ vi 
ETF Linked Securities ................................... vi 
ETF Share ................................................... 422 
ETF Share Substitution ............................... 427 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria ................. 427 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ................... xii, 50 
EU CRA Regulation ..... xvii, 1036, 1037, 1038 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ............. xxiv, 849, 1056 
EU Prospectus Regulationi, 213, 849, 851, 
1056, 1058 
EUR ........................................................... xxiii 
EUR Swap Rate .......................................... 812 
euro ............................................................ xxiii 
Euro ........................................................... xxiii 
Euro MTF .................................................... viii 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 827 
Euroclear ........................................ x, 321, 591 
Euroclear Finland .......................................... xi 
Euroclear Finland Register ......................... 325 
Euroclear Finland Registrar ........................ 325 
Euroclear Finland Rules ............................. 322 
Euroclear France ..................................... x, 321 
Euroclear France Accountholder ... xi, 197, 322 
Euroclear Sweden ................................... x, 319 
Euronext Dublin .................................... vi, 365 
Euronext Paris .............................................. vii 
European Style Certificates ........................ 337 
EuroTLX .............................................. vii, 320 
Euro-zone ................................................... 375 
EUWA .............................................. 213, 1058 
Event Currency ........................................... 437 
Event Currency Jurisdiction ....................... 437 
Event Determination Date .......................... 591 
Event of Default ......................................... 349 
Exchange ............. 378, 392, 399, 403, 422, 453 
Exchange Act ......................xxv, 111, 123, 138 
Exchange Agent .......................................... 318 
Exchange Bonds or Loans................... 488, 636 
Exchange Business Day ...... 378, 392, 403, 422 
Exchange Event .......................................... 198 
Exchange Rate .................................... 437, 442 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ........ 589, 591 
Excluded Obligation ........................... 591, 611 
Exclusionary Criteria ........................ 93, 95, 96 
Exempt Offer .............................................. 220 
Exempt Securities ................................. vii, 317 
Exercise Amount ......................... 482, 539, 592 
Exercise Date .............................................. 340 
Exercise Expenses ....................................... 340 
Exercise Notice ........................................... 338 
Exercising a Significant Influence .............. 285 
Exhaustion Point ......................................... 592 
Expenses ..................................................... 833 
Expiry Date ......................................... 376, 453 
Extended Maturity Date .............................. 592 
Extension Date ............................................ 592 
Extraordinary Dividend ...... 403, 413, 422, 429 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider ............. 435 
Failure to Deliver ........................................ 838 
Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount ...... 838 
Failure to Pay .............................................. 593 
Fair Market Value ....................................... 331 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement ........................................... 332 
Fallback Bond ............................................. 387 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ........... 550 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ................. 550 
Fallback Commodity Dealers ...................... 399 
Fallback Commodity Price.......................... 399 
Fallback Discounting .................................. 613 
Fallback Redemption Method ..................... 593 
FBL Latest Preceding MER Level .............. 758 
FBL Preceding MER Level......................... 758 
FBL Reset Floor Level ................................ 759 
FCA ......................................... viii, xvii, 8, 163 
FDIC ..........................................................xviii 
February 2016 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 126 
February 2016 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 113 
February 2016 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus .................... 101 
February 2017 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 127 
February 2017 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 113 
February 2017 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus .................... 101 
February 2018 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 127 
February 2018 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 113 
February 2018 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus .................... 101 
Federal Reserve ........................................... 142 
Fees or Charges Event ................................ 429

--- Page 1297 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1265 
 
FEIN ........................................................... 151 
FIEA ........................................................... 224 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ........... 593 
Final Auction Redemption Date ................. 593 
Final Barrier Level ..................................... 757 
Final Cash Redemption Amount ................ 593 
Final Cash Redemption Date ...................... 594 
Final Equity Allocation .............................. 824 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date ............. 654, 776 
Final Interest Period End Date.................... 828 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount .......... 594 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ................ 594 
Final Level .................................................. 824 
Final List .................................................... 594 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s)...... 731 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) ...... 731 
Final Participation Rate .............................. 777 
Final Participation Rate Call....................... 777 
Final Participation Rate Put ........................ 777 
Final Performance .............................. 731, 781 
Final Performance Underlying(s) ............... 750 
Final Period Performance ........................... 749 
Final Period Performance 1 ........................ 749 
Final Period Performance 2 ........................ 749 
Final Period Performance 3 ........................ 749 
Final Period Performance Percentage ......... 749 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date .. 556, 
594 
Final Price................................................... 594 
Final Price Determination Date .................. 543 
Final Reference Level ......................... 751, 781 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) ............. 750 
Final Terms............................................ ix, 317 
Final Valuation Date........................... 729, 781 
FinalPerf ..................................................... 777 
Financial Services Act .............................. 1045 
Financial Transaction Tax .......................... 269 
FINMA ....................................................... 850 
Finnish Securities ................................... x, 322 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement .................................................. 319 
FinSA ........................ xv, 232, 850, 1056, 1057 
FinSO ................................................... xv, 232 
First Entity .................................................. 375 
First Fallback Electronic Page .................... 442 
First Fallback Rate Source .......................... 442 
First Fallback Reference Price .................... 442 
First Fallback Reference Rate..................... 442 
First Fallback Valuation Time .................... 442 
First Futures Contract ................................. 400 
First Nearby Month .................................... 400 
First Obligation ........................................... 609 
Fiscal Agency Agreement .......................... 318 
Fiscal Agent ................................................ 318 
Fitch ............................................................. xvi 
Fixed Cap ................................................... 594 
Fixed Interest Rate ...................................... 828 
Fixed Recovery Percentage ........................ 594 
flat tax ......................................................... 270 
Floating Interest Rate ................................. 828 
foreign currency .......................................... 237 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security ....... 242 
FPR777, 1006, 1007, 1008, 1009, 1010, 1216, 
1218, 1219, 1220 
FPR Call ...................................................... 777 
FPR Put ....................................................... 777 
FPU ............................................. 750, 764, 766 
Fractional Entitlement ................................. 836 
freely tradeable ........................................... 839 
French Cleared Securities ........................... 321 
French Law Securities ................. x, 1, 353, 373 
French Law Securities Registration Agent.. 318 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent
 .................................................................... 318 
French Shares .............................................. 269 
FRL ............................................................. 773 
FSMA ............................................... 213, 1058 
FTT ............................................. 262, 284, 304 
Full Quotation ............................................. 594 
Fully Transferable Obligation ..................... 594 
Fund .................................................... 278, 422 
Fund Administrator ............................. 422, 429 
Fund Adviser ....................................... 422, 429 
Fund Adviser Event .................................... 430 
Fund Documents ................................. 422, 430 
Fund Modification .............................. 427, 434 
Fund Service Provider ......................... 422, 430 
Funding Interest Amount ............................ 509 
Funding Interest Rate .................................. 595 
Further Subordinated Obligation ................ 595 
Futures Contract .......................................... 399 
FX ............................................... 651, 692, 752 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency .......... 654, 776 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency .......... 654, 776 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency .......... 654, 776 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 654, 776 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time654, 776 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page ..... 654, 
776 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time .... 654, 
776 
FX Perf Designated Page .................... 654, 776 
FX Perf Designated Time ................... 654, 776 
FX Perf Final .............................. 652, 693, 774 
FX Perf Initial ............................. 653, 694, 775 
FX Perf Rate ....................................... 654, 776 
fx performance ............................................ 184 
FX Performance .......................... 652, 693, 774 
FX Rate ....................................... 437, 442, 595 
FX Rate Condition ...................................... 437 
FX Rate Linked Securities ............................. vi 
FX Rate Set Date ........................................ 595 
FX Rate Source ........................................... 442 
GBA Working Group .................................... 93 
GBP ............................................................xxiii 
GBP Swap Rate .......................................... 812 
Gemini Event Valuation Date ..................... 729 
Gemini Mandatory Early Redemption Date 759 
General Conditions ..................................... 317 
General Inconvertibility .............................. 438

--- Page 1298 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1266 
 
General Meeting ......................................... 353 
General Non-Transferability....................... 438 
Global Exchange Market ............................. viii 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger ..................... 675 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger . 750 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum ............... 750 
Global Lock-in Sum ................................... 675 
Global Registered Security Certificate ... x, 317 
Global Registered Security Certificates...... 196 
Governmental Authority ............. 437, 444, 595 
Governmental Authority Default ................ 438 
Governmental Intervention ......................... 595 
GPR ............................................ 724, 725, 768 
Grace Period ............................................... 596 
Grace Period Business Day ........................ 596 
Grace Period Extension Date ...................... 596 
Green and Social Bond Report ......... 93, 95, 97 
Green Bond Asset Portfolio .......................... 93 
Green Bond Framework ............................... 92 
Green Bonds ..........................92, 149, 154, 161 
Group .............................................................. 3 
G-SIBs ............................................................ 6 
Guarantee.................................................... 596 
Guarantor ............................................... iii, 165 
Guarantors ..................................................... iii 
Hedge Disruption Obligation.............. 547, 596 
hedging arrangements ................................. 362 
Hedging Disruption .................................... 788 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event
 .................................................................... 788 
Hedging Party ............................................. 788 
Hedging Position ........................................ 788 
Hellenic Reference Entity ........................... 597 
Helsinki Banking Day ................................ 341 
Hierarchy Provisions .................................... 49 
Highest ....................................................... 640 
HMRC ........................................................ 257 
holder .................................................. 320, 321 
holder of Securities ............................. 198, 321 
Holding Ratio Change ................................ 430 
Hong Kong ................................................. 789 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Swap 
Confirmation .............................................. 646 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction
 .................................................................... 646 
Hypothetical Investor ................................. 430 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement ...... 646 
Hypothetical Single Name Set .................... 646 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation
 .................................................................... 646 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction ...... 646 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation ............... 647 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction .................. 647 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty ................ 647 
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value ...... 647 
i ................................................... 802, 804, 824 
IA Adjusted Calculation Amount ............... 337 
ICG ............................................. 142, 151, 158 
IGT ............................................................. 303 
IIT ............................................................... 302 
IIT Law ....................................................... 301 
IIT Regulations ........................................... 302 
Illegality ...................................................... 787 
Illegality Event ............................................ 328 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) . 328 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance) ...... 328 
Illiquidity .................................................... 439 
Implicit Portfolio Size ................................. 597 
Inconvertibility Event ................................. 597 
Increased Cost of Hedging .......................... 789 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow378, 403, 412, 
422 
Independent Auditors .................................. 148 
Index ........................................................... 597 
Index Annex ................................................ 597 
Index Annex Date ....................................... 597 
Index Calculation Agent ................. 1042, 1247 
index CDS ................................................... 489 
index component ........................................... 41 
Index Conditions ......................................... 449 
Index Parties ............................................... 489 
Index Publisher ........................................... 597 
Index Skew Conditions ............................... 642 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount ..... 645 
Index Skew Notes ............................. iv, vi, 642 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount ....................................................... 646 
Index Skew Position ........................... 643, 647 
Index Sponsor378, 387, 392, 449, 597, 1042, 
1247 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes .......... 597 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 597 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...... 597 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 598 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 564 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount ......... 598 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 564 
Index Tranched Successor Entity ................ 564 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ...... 598 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 563 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount 563 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 563 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ............ 563 
Indirect Participants .................................... 200 
Inflation Index ............................................. 387 
Inflation Index Condition ............................ 387 
Inflation Index Linked Securities ................... vi 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ..................... 1046 
Initial Cash Participation ............................. 824 
Initial Equity Invested Allocation ............... 823 
Initial Equity Participation .......................... 824 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date ............ 654, 776 
Initial FX Rate .................................. 856, 1062 
Initial Level ................................................. 824 
Initial Preference Share Reference Date ..... 462

--- Page 1299 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1267 
 
Initial Stock Loan Rate ........378, 403, 412, 423 
Insolvency ................... 408, 418, 425, 433, 461 
Insolvency Event ......... 408, 418, 425, 433, 461 
Insolvency Officer ....... 408, 418, 425, 433, 461 
Instalment Amount ..................................... 375 
Instalment Date ........................................... 375 
Instrument Payments .................................. 598 
Insurance Distribution Directivexxiv, 212, 849, 
1056 
Insured Instrument .............................. 598, 620 
Insured Obligor ................................... 598, 620 
interest ................................................ 285, 348 
Interest Adjustment .................................... 690 
Interest Amount ........... 684, 793, 807, 811, 814 
Interest Amount Inflation Index ................. 685 
Interest Barrier Event ................................. 681 
Interest Barrier Level .................................. 683 
Interest Barrier Observation Date ....... 649, 650 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) .................... 683 
Interest Commencement Date .................... 828 
Interest Determination Date................ 797, 829 
Interest Initial Floor Level .......................... 654 
Interest Initial Floor Percentage ................. 654 
Interest Initial Floor Strike Date ................. 650 
Interest Initial Level ................................... 654 
Interest Lock-in Event ................................ 683 
Interest Lock-in Level ................................ 683 
Interest Observation Date ................... 818, 821 
Interest Participation Rate .......................... 690 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate) ........................................................... 814 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ....................... 812 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ....................... 812 
Interest Payment Date................................. 649 
Interest Period ............................................. 830 
Interest Period End Date ............................. 830 
Interest Period Final Reference Level ........ 656 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level ....... 656 
Interest Period Strike Level ........................ 656 
Interest Rate ................................................ 830 
Interest Reference Level ............................. 656 
Interest Strike Date ..................................... 650 
Interest Strike Level ................................... 657 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount ........ 509 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount ................. 598 
Interest Underlying ..................................... 657 
Interest Valuation Date ....................... 650, 824 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) .. 657 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) .. 657 
Interim Performance ................................... 657 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) ............ 676 
Intermediary ....................................... 278, 833 
Internal Audit ............................................. 148 
Interpolated Reference Rate ....................... 842 
Intervening Period ...................................... 837 
In-the-Money .............................................. 340 
Investor ........................................................ xiii 
IPR .............................................................. 690 
IPU ............................................................. 676 
IRAP ........................................................... 278 
IRES ............................................................ 278 
Irish Law Dispute ........................................ 374 
Irish Law Securities ............................ x, 1, 317 
IRS ................................................................ 20 
ISARM ........................................................ 219 
ISDA ........................................... 467, 599, 799 
ISDA Calculation Agent ............................. 797 
ISDA Definitions ........................................ 799 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 797 
ISM ....................................................... vii, viii 
ISM Rulebook ..............................................viii 
Israeli Qualified Investors ........................... 223 
Israeli Securities Law .................................. 223 
Issue Date .................................................... 364 
Issue Terms ............................... iii, ix, 317, 599 
Issuer ..............................................................iii 
Issuer Business Day .................................... 599 
Issuers ............................................................iii 
Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption ........... 329 
Italian Listed Certificates ....................... iv, 320 
IVAFE ......................................................... 284 
January 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 127 
January 2019 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 113 
January 2019 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 102 
Joint Potential Successor ............................. 559 
Joint Relevant Obligation............................ 559 
JPY .............................................................xxiii 
July 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 127 
July 2019 CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 113 
July 2019 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 102 
June 2013 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 126 
June 2013 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 100 
KID ............................................................. 227 
KPMG Luxembourg ................................... 160 
KSA Regulations ........................................ 229 
LA Cash Redemption Amount .................... 599 
LA Cash Redemption Date ......................... 599 
LA Cut-off Date .......................................... 599 
LA Interest Amount .................................... 599 
LA Physical Redemption Date .................... 599 
LA Recovery Amount ................................. 599 
LA Relevant Currency ................................ 600 
LA Settlement Assets .................................. 600 
LA Valuation Date ...................................... 600 
LA Value Date ............................................ 600 
Largest Asset Package ................................ 600 
Last Permitted Rate ............................... 54, 841 
Latest Level ................................................. 388 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan
 ............................................................ 600, 629 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date
 .................................................................... 600

--- Page 1300 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1268 
 
Latest Preceding MER Level ...................... 715 
Latest Reset Final Barrier Level ................. 759 
Latest Reset MER Barrier Level ................ 716 
LBD ............................................................ 830 
LCY Reference Amount ............................. 601 
Legacy Reference Entity Count .................. 561 
Lev .............................................................. 821 
Liabilities .................................................... 165 
Limitation ................................................... 440 
Limitation Date ........................................... 601 
Limitation Event ......................................... 430 
Limited Shareholders.................................. 157 
Limited Shares ............................................ 157 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ............ 601 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 562 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount .... 562, 
601 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity 562 
Linear Basket Successor Entity .................. 562 
Listed .......................................................... 610 
Loan ............................................................ 609 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date 549, 601 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes ............. 601 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount567, 601 
Local Access Succession Reference Entity 566 
Local Access Successor Entity ........... 566, 601 
Local Currency ........................................... 786 
Local Jurisdiction ....................................... 789 
Lockout Date ................................................ 89 
Lockout Period ............................................. 89 
London Banking Day ................................. 830 
London Business Day ................................. 808 
London Stock Exchange .............................. viii 
Loss Amount .............................................. 601 
Loss of Stock Borrow ..........378, 403, 413, 423 
Loss Threshold Amount ............................. 602 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ........................................................... 716 
Lower MER Barrier Level .......................... 716 
Lower Range .............................................. 821 
Lower Range 1 ........................................... 821 
Lower Range 2 ........................................... 821 
Lower Range 3 ........................................... 821 
Lowest ........................................................ 641 
LTD ............................................................ 143 
M(M)R Restructuring ................................. 603 
M1 .............................................................. 827 
M2 .............................................................. 827 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event
 .................................................................... 711 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level
 .................................................................... 716 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date ........................................ 691 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s).............................................. 716 
Mandatory Early Redemption Coupon Payment 
Date ............................................................ 690 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date ............ 691 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Level ........................................................... 695 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Percentage ................................................... 695 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Floor 
Strike Date .................................................. 691 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 695 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying(s) .......................................... 696 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying(s) .......................................... 696 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate ............................................................. 728 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Call ..................................................... 728 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Put ....................................................... 728 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 696 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) .............................................. 707 
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level
 .................................................................... 708 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date .. 691 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level 710 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s)
 .................................................................... 710 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event ........................................................... 714 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date .................................. 691 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date
 .................................................................... 691 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date ........................ 387 
Margin ......................................................... 830 
Margin ......................................................... 685 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) ..................... 814 
Margin 1 ...................................................... 812 
Margin 2 ...................................................... 812 
Market ......................................................... 641 
Market Discount Security ........................... 243 
Market Disruption Event379, 380, 381, 440, 
602 
Market Timer Percentage ............................ 776 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level ..... 776 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date ....... 729 
Market Value ...................................... 551, 602 
Material Change .......................................... 439 
Material Change in Content ........................ 400 
Material Change in Formula ....................... 400 
Material Increased Cost .............................. 787 
maturity ....................................................... 620 
Maturity Date .............................................. 327 
Maturity Redemption Amount .................... 602 
Max ............................................. 729, 777, 821 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 728 
Maximum Maturity ............................. 589, 620 
Maximum Redemption Amount ................. 777 
Maximum Reference Rate .......................... 814 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate 379, 403, 413, 423

--- Page 1301 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1269 
 
May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 128 
May 2020 CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 114 
May 2020 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 102 
MCAA ........................................................ 309 
Member State ............................................. 235 
MER Barrier Level ..................................... 716 
MER Barrier Observation Date .................. 691 
MER Coupon Payment Date ...................... 690 
MER Date ................................................... 691 
MER Initial Floor Level ............................. 695 
MER Initial Floor Percentage ..................... 695 
MER Initial Floor Strike Date .................... 691 
MER Initial Level ....................................... 695 
MER Performance ...................................... 696 
MER Reference Level ................................ 708 
MER Strike Date ........................................ 691 
MER Strike Level ....................................... 710 
MER Underlying(s) .................................... 710 
MER Upper Barrier Event .......................... 714 
MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date . 691 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage .................. 717 
MERAA719, 721, 722, 723, 724, 725, 726, 727, 
728 
MERBU ...................................................... 716 
Merger Date ................. 409, 419, 426, 434, 462 
Merger Event ....... 409, 418, 426, 433, 461, 602 
Merger Redemption Amount ...................... 603 
MERPerf ............................................. 723, 729 
MERPR 718, 719, 720, 721, 722, 726, 727, 728 
MERPR Call ................ 723, 724, 725, 726, 728 
MERPR Put ................. 723, 724, 725, 726, 728 
MERPU707, 718, 719, 720, 721, 722, 726, 727, 
728 
Mid-Market Swap Rate .............................. 813 
MiFID II .............................. vi, 212, 849, 1056 
MiFiD II Regulations ................................. 223 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .......... xxviii 
Min ......................................729, 777, 814, 821 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 728 
Minimum Redemption Amount.................. 777 
Minimum Reference Rate ........................... 814 
Minimum Return Amount .......................... 332 
Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement .................................. 332 
Modified Eligible Transferee...................... 603 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date ............................................................ 603 
Monetisation ............................................... 436 
Monetisation Amount ................................. 332 
Monetisation Valuation Date ...................... 785 
Monetisation with Holder Put Option ........ 329 
Monetised Amount ..................................... 785 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity ............ 603 
Moody's ....................................................... xvi 
MoT .............................................................. vii 
Movement Option ....................................... 603 
Movement Option Cut-off Date .................. 603 
MTF .............................................................. 51 
Multiple Exchange Index ............................ 379 
Multiple Exercise Certificates ..................... 337 
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage
 .................................................................... 753 
Multiple Holder Obligation ......................... 603 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage
 .................................................................... 678 
Multiple-Rate VRDI ................................... 240 
Mutual Fund ................................................ 430 
Mutual Fund Condition ............................... 430 
Mutual Fund Interest ................................... 430 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria . 435 
Mutual Fund Linked Securities ...................... vi 
Mutual Fund Substitution ........................... 435 
n .................................................. 333, 678, 753 
N .................................................................. 824 
NASDAQ Stockholm MTF .......................... vii 
Nationalisation .... 409, 419, 426, 434, 439, 462 
NAV Trigger Event..................................... 430 
NAV Trigger Percentage ............................ 431 
Nearby Month ............................................. 400 
Net Dividend ............................................... 405 
Net Wealth Tax ........................................... 303 
New Information Event ............................... 431 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...... 525 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ......... 805 
New Zealand dollars ..................................xxiii 
Next Currency Fixing Time ........................ 603 
ni ......................................................... 802, 805 
No Adjustment Determination .................... 840 
No Auction Announcement Date ................ 604 
NOK ...........................................................xxiii 
Non Currency Redemption ......................... 431 
Non-bullion Commodity ............................. 400 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ...... 604 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation ................................................... 604 
Non-Contingent Amount ............................ 612 
Non-Contingent Interest .............................. 604 
Non-Debt Designated Securities ................. 244 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package .................. 552 
Non-Event Currency ................................... 437 
Non-exempt Offer ................................ xiii, 212 
Non-Financial Instrument ........................... 604 
Non-resident Corporate Holders ......... 264, 265 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ... 604 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .......... 606 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ........... 607 
Non-Transferable Instrument ...................... 607 
Non-U.S. Holder ......................................... 236 
Non-U.S. Issuer ........................................... 252 
NOPS Amendment Notice .................. 607, 608 
Norwegian Kroner .....................................xxiii 
Not Bearer ................................................... 589 
Not Domestic Currency .............................. 610 
Not Domestic Issuance ............................... 611 
Not Domestic Law ...................................... 610 
Not Sovereign Lender ................................. 610

--- Page 1302 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1270 
 
Not Subordinated ........................................ 609 
Notes ...................................................... iv, 320 
Notes Extension Date ................................. 607 
Notice Delivery Date .................................. 607 
Notice Delivery Period ............................... 607 
Notice of Physical Settlement..................... 607 
Notice of Publicly Available Information .. 608 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ........ 607 
Notice-determined EDD ..................... 538, 607 
NRIT ........................................................... 301 
NRIT Law................................................... 301 
NSS............................................................. 196 
Nth903, 904, 963, 964, 985, 986, 1115, 1116, 
1173, 1174, 1195, 1196 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 608 
Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession 
Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 560 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ... 561, 
608 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 560 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ................. 560 
Number of Settlement Business Days ........ 442 
Oasis Best Performer 1 ............................... 651 
Oasis Best Performer 2 ............................... 651 
Oasis Best Performer X .............................. 651 
Oasis Interim Percentage ............................ 679 
obligation .................................................... 620 
Obligation ................................................... 608 
Obligation Acceleration .............................. 611 
Obligation Category ................................... 609 
Obligation Characteristics .......................... 609 
Obligation Currency ................................... 611 
Obligation Default ...................................... 611 
Obligations ................................................. 467 
obligor ........................................................ 620 
Obligor Regulatory Event ..................... 18, 328 
Observation Day(0) .................................... 825 
Observation Day(Final) .............................. 825 
Observation Day(t) ............................. 824, 825 
Observation Look-Back Period .................. 805 
Observation Period ..................................... 802 
offer .................................................... 212, 213 
offer of Securities to the public .................. 214 
offer of Securities to the public .................. 213 
Official List .................................................. vii 
Official Successor Rate ...................... 440, 444 
OID ............................................................. 237 
OID Securities ............................................ 238 
OLA ................................................................ 6 
Omnibus Accounts ..................................... 287 
Option ......................................................... 333 
Option Value .............................................. 333 
Optional Redemption Amount.................... 463 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date ........ 463 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount ........ 611 
Original Base Prospectus ............................ 854 
Original Currency ....................................... 440 
Original Entity ............................................ 368 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 .................................................................... 611 
Original Obligation(s) ................................. 613 
OTC ...................................................... 86, 467 
Outperf A .................................... 661, 700, 735 
Outperf B .................................... 664, 704, 739 
Outstanding ................................................. 351 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount .. 611 
Outstanding Amount ........................... 608, 612 
Outstanding Principal Balance .................... 612 
Owners ........................................................ 200 
Ownership Restriction Event ...................... 614 
p .................................................................. 805 
Package Observable Bond .......... 188, 486, 614 
Page ............................................................. 830 
Parallel Auction .......................................... 614 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ............. 614 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ............. 614 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ............... 550 
Partial Cash Redemption Date .................... 550 
Participants .................................................. 200 
Pay & Refund .............................................. 292 
Paying Agents ............................................. 318 
Payment ...................................................... 609 
Payment Date .............................................. 387 
Payment Date(s) .......................................... 848 
Payment Day ....................................... 343, 344 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date ............ 555, 615 
Payment Failure Event Notice .................... 555 
Payment Requirement ................................. 615 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ................. 614 
Payor ........................................................... 274 
PBWM ........................................ 142, 156, 162 
Pension Fund Tax ....................................... 278 
Performance Product Base Level ........ 717, 758 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount ................................... 718 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount . 764 
Period Performance ..................................... 675 
Period Performance 1 .................................. 675 
Period Performance 2 .................................. 676 
Period Performance 3 .................................. 676 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation ............ 615 
Permitted Contingency .................. 67, 191, 615 
Permitted Transfer ...................................... 615 
Person ......................................................... 367 
Personal Income Tax Act ............................ 274 
Physical Delivery Securities .................. vi, 319 
Physical Redemption Assets ....................... 615 
Physical Redemption Date .......................... 616 
Physical Settlement Matrix ................. 468, 616 
Physical Settlement Period.......................... 616 
PIT Act ........................................................ 285 
Plans ............................................................ 207 
PLN ............................................................xxiii 
Poland ......................................................... 227 
Polish Admission ........................................ 227 
Polish Zloty ...............................................xxiii 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ..... 616

--- Page 1303 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1271 
 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 616 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount . 617 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 617 
Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 565 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount ... 617 
Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference 
Entity .......................................................... 565 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity .......... 565 
Post Dismissal Additional Period ............... 617 
Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 .................................................................... 843 
Postponement ............................................. 400 
Potential Failure to Pay .............................. 617 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ............. 617 
PRA ........................................................ 8, 163 
PRC ............................................................ 789 
Preceding MER Level ................................ 717 
Preference Share ......................................... 460 
Preference Share Company ................ 311, 460 
Preference Share Condition ........................ 460 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event . 462 
Preference Share Linked Securities ............... vi 
Preference Share Terms and Conditions ..... 311 
Preference Share Underlying .............. 311, 781 
Preference Share Valuation Date ................ 781 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 781 
Preference Shares ....................................... 159 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 .................................................................... 842 
Previous Cash Accrual ....................... 690, 825 
Previous Interest Valuation Date ................ 825 
Price ............................................................ 406 
Price (ex)t .................................................... 406 
Price Materiality ................................. 439, 442 
Price Materiality Percentage ............... 437, 442 
Price Source ................................................ 400 
Price Source Disruption .............. 400, 440, 442 
Pricet ........................................................... 406 
Pricet-1 ......................................................... 406 
Pricing Supplement ............................... ix, 317 
PRIIPs Regulation ...................................... 227 
Primary Rate ....................................... 437, 443 
principal ...................................................... 348 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity................................................... 333 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount ............... 617 
Principal Writedown Amount ..................... 617 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ...... 188, 485, 618 
Prior Reference Obligation ......................... 610 
Private Investors ......................................... 270 
Private-side Loan ........................................ 618 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement ......... 333 
Programme ...................................................... i 
Prohibited Action ....................................... 618 
projected payment schedule........................ 241 
Proprietary Index ........................................ 449 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event ........... 450 
Proprietary Index Cancellation ................... 450 
Proprietary Index Condition........................ 449 
Proprietary Index Disruption ...................... 450 
Proprietary Index Linked Securities............... vi 
Proprietary Index Modification ................... 450 
Proprietary Index Substitution .................... 451 
Prospectus Law ................................... 216, 219 
public offer .................................................. 232 
Public Offer ................................................. 227 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ....................... 1046 
Public Source .............................................. 618 
Publicly Available Information ................... 618 
Put Call Sum Floor...................................... 776 
Put Cap ................................................ 728, 776 
Put Floor ............................................. 728, 776 
Put Notice ................................................... 335 
Put Option ................................................... 246 
Put Premium ............................................... 246 
QCB .......................................................... xxvii 
QFC ................................................................. 6 
QFC Stay Rules .............................................. 6 
QFCA ........................................................ xxvii 
QFCRA ..................................................... xxvii 
QFMA ....................................................... xxvii 
QIB ..................................................... 208, 324 
QIBs ............................. xi, 196, 211, 851, 1058 
qualified financial contract.......................... 377 
Qualified Index Securities ........................... 253 
Qualified Indices ......................................... 253 
qualified investors ....................................... 228 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ................... 619 
Qualifying Certificates ................................ 305 
Qualifying Guarantee .......................... 619, 620 
Qualifying Policy ........................................ 620 
Qualifying Shares........................................ 304 
Quantum of the Claim ................................. 613 
Quotation ............................................ 551, 620 
Quotation Amount .............................. 550, 621 
Quotation Dealer ......................................... 621 
Quotation Method ............................... 550, 621 
Quote Currency ........................................... 437 
r ................................................................... 333 
RA Cap ....................................................... 821 
RA Factor .................................................... 816 
RA Floor ..................................................... 821 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities ........ 821 
Range Accrual Determination Date ............ 649 
Range Accrual Table ................................... 821 
Rate ............................................................. 457 
Rate Condition ............................................ 457 
Rate Linked Securities ................................... vi 
Rate Table ................................................... 830 
Rate X ......................................................... 815 
Rate Y ......................................................... 815 
Rate Z .......................................................... 815 
RD ............................................................... 406 
RDt .............................................................. 406 
Real Dividend ............................................. 406 
Real Dividend Currency ............................. 406

--- Page 1304 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1272 
 
Real Estate Fund Tax.................................. 278 
Real Estate Funds ....................................... 278 
Realisation Disruption Event ...................... 789 
Rebased Index ............................................ 390 
Record Date ................................................ 340 
Recovery Amount ....................................... 622 
Recovery Threshold Amount...................... 622 
RedAdj ........................ 768, 769, 770, 771, 772 
Redeemed Securities .................................. 334 
Redemption Amount .......................... 327, 825 
Redemption Barrier Event .......................... 759 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date ....... 730 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) ............. 761 
Redemption Initial Floor Level .................. 753 
Redemption Initial Floor Percentage .......... 753 
Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date ......... 730 
Redemption Initial Level .................... 753, 781 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event ............... 761 
Redemption Lower Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................ 730 
Redemption Lower Barrier Underlying(s) .. 762 
Redemption Strike Date ..................... 730, 781 
Redemption Strike Level ............................ 754 
Redemption Suspension Notice .......... 557, 622 
Redemption Underlying ..................... 754, 781 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event ............... 762 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................ 730 
Redemption Upper Barrier Underlying(s) .. 763 
Redenomination Date ................................. 372 
Reference Assets ........................................ 622 
Reference Currency .................................... 812 
Reference Currency Business Day ............. 443 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement
 .................................................................... 623 
Reference Custodian ................................... 623 
Reference Entity ......................................... 623 
Reference Entity Count .............................. 623 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ............ 623 
Reference Entity Weighting ....................... 623 
Reference Index .................................. 403, 420 
Reference Investor ...................................... 624 
Reference Investor Assets .......................... 624 
Reference Jurisdiction ................................ 624 
Reference Level .......................................... 388 
Reference Month ........................................ 387 
Reference Obligation .......................... 550, 624 
Reference Obligation Only ......................... 609 
Reference Obligation Only Series .............. 624 
Reference Observation ....................... 817, 821 
Reference Observation 1 ............................ 822 
Reference Observation 2 ............................ 822 
Reference Observation 3 ............................ 822 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day ....... 822 
Reference Observation Table ..................... 822 
Reference Rate ........................................... 844 
Reference Rate 1 ........................................ 815 
Reference Rate 2 ........................................ 815 
Reference Rate Early Redemption ............. 841 
Reference Rate Event ................................. 842 
Reference Rate Event Provisions .................. 82 
Reference Rate Fallback Provision ............. 846 
Reference Rate Interbank Market ............... 830 
Registered Securities ............................... x, 320 
Registered Security Certificates .............. x, 317 
Registrar ...................................................... 318 
Registry Regulation .................................... 398 
Regulated Market ........................................ 264 
Regulation S ................. xi, 196, 324, 851, 1058 
Regulation S Global Registered Security 
Certificate............................................ 196, 324 
Regulatory Action ............................... 427, 434 
Regulatory Change Cost ............................. 624 
Regulatory Change Event ........................... 625 
related ......................................................... 643 
Related Agreement Termination ................. 431 
Related Exchange........ 379, 392, 403, 404, 423 
Related Index .............................................. 428 
Relevant Agent ..................................... 49, 376 
Relevant Agreements .................................. 377 
Relevant Asset .................................... 763, 782 
Relevant Authority ...................................... 790 
Relevant City Business Day ........................ 625 
Relevant Clearing System ................... 321, 545 
Relevant Company ........................................ 44 
Relevant Component ................................... 452 
Relevant Credit Event ................................. 625 
Relevant Currency652, 692, 752, 840, 856, 
1062 
Relevant Date ...................... 345, 346, 348, 349 
Relevant Day ............................................... 795 
relevant Deed of Covenant .......................... 318 
relevant entity ................................................. 9 
Relevant Event Determination Date............ 625 
Relevant Financial Centre ........................... 830 
relevant foreign currency ............................ 242 
Relevant Guarantee ..................................... 625 
Relevant Holder .......................................... 626 
Relevant Index .............................................. 44 
Relevant MERBU(s) ........................... 715, 717 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................... 843 
Relevant Number .............. 803, 806, 925, 1135 
Relevant Obligations ................................... 626 
Relevant Person .............................. 1042, 1247 
Relevant Price ............................. 400, 431, 453 
Relevant Proportion .................................... 333 
Relevant Rate .............................................. 830 
Relevant Risk Event .................................... 626 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date ... 626 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date441, 
446, 
786, 796, 810 
Relevant Securities...................................... 284 
Relevant SOFR Level ................................. 805 
Relevant Spread Rate .................................. 813 
Relevant Swap Rate .................................... 812 
Relevant Tax ....................................... 400, 449 
Relevant Time ............................................. 813 
Relibi Law................................................... 258 
Renminbi ............................................ xxiii, 790

--- Page 1305 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1273 
 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ....................................................... 608 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation .......... 608 
Replacement Reference Rate ...................... 843 
Reporting Disruption .................................. 435 
Representative ............................................ 353 
Representative Amount .............................. 813 
Repudiation ................................................ 440 
Repudiation/Moratorium ............................ 626 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date . 626 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
 .................................................................... 627 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 627 
Reset Final Barrier Level ............................ 759 
Reset MER Barrier Level ........................... 718 
Reset MER Floor Level .............................. 718 
Reset MER Underlying(s) .......................... 717 
Resolution ................................................... 353 
Resolve ....................................................... 627 
Resolved ..................................................... 627 
Resolves ..................................................... 627 
Restructured Bond or Loan ........................ 627 
Restructured Entity ..................................... 524 
Restructuring .............................................. 627 
Restructuring Date ...................................... 629 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ..... 629 
retail investor ............................. xxiv, 212, 213 
Revised Currency Rate ............................... 629 
Revision Cut-off Date................................. 387 
RG AMF ..................................................... 221 
Risk Event .................................................. 630 
Risk Event Determination Date .................. 630 
Risk Event Determination Period ............... 630 
Risk Event Notice ....................................... 630 
Risk Event Redemption Method ................. 630 
Risk Events ........................................... 77, 194 
RMB .................................................. xxiii, 790 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date .. 786, 
790 
RMB Determination Business Day ............ 790 
RMB Determination Date ........................... 790 
RMB Relevant Currency ............................ 790 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time .. 790 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page ....... 790 
RMB Settlement Centre ............................. 790 
RMB Spot Rate .......................................... 790 
Royal Decree 1310/2005 ............................ 231 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 ............... 231 
RRE Adjustments ....................................... 840 
Rule 144A.................... xi, 196, 324, 851, 1058 
Rule 144A Deed Polls ................................ xxv 
Rule 
144A 
Global 
Registered 
Security 
Certificate ........................................... 196, 324 
Russian QIs............................................... xxvii 
RWA ........................................................... 143 
S&P ............................................................. xvi 
SA Denominator ......................................... 729 
SA Numerator ............................................. 729 
SA Rate ...................................................... 729 
SA Relevant Percentage ............................. 729 
Same Underlying Share and Currency ........ 420 
satisfies........................................................ 825 
satisfy .................................. 682, 714, 761, 825 
Saudi Investor ............................................. 229 
SB Working Group ....................................... 97 
SCA .......................................................... xxviii 
SCA Resolutions ......................................... 233 
Schedule ...................................................... 316 
Scheduled Closing Time379, 392, 404, 413, 
423 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date .............. 431 
Scheduled Maturity Date ............ 327, 630, 647 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension............ 630 
Scheduled Observation Date ....................... 822 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date ...... 431 
Scheduled Trading Day379, 392, 400, 404, 
414, 423, 431, 438, 443, 448, 449, 453, 457, 460 
Scheduled Trading Day (t) .......................... 406 
Schedules .................................................... 316 
Scheme ........................................................ 398 
Screen Rate ................................................. 795 
SEC ............................................................. 163 
Second Fallback Electronic Page ................ 443 
Second Fallback Rate Source ...................... 443 
Second Fallback Reference Price ................ 443 
Second Fallback Reference Rate ................. 443 
Second Fallback Valuation Time ................ 443 
Second Futures Contract ............................. 400 
Second Nearby Month ................................ 400 
Second Obligation ....................................... 609 
Secondary Rate ................................... 438, 443 
Section 871(m) ...................................... 20, 253 
Section 871(m) Event ................................. 791 
Section 871(m) Event (Hedging) ................ 791 
Section 988 election .................................... 249 
Securities ............................................ iv, 1, 317 
Securities Act ............... xi, 324, 839, 851, 1058 
Security Index ............................................. 379 
Security Index Adjustment Event ............... 383 
Security Index Cancellation ........................ 383 
Security Index Condition ............................ 379 
Security Index Disruption ........................... 383 
Security Index Linked Securities ................... vi 
Security Index Modification ....................... 383 
Security Index Substitution ......................... 384 
Securityholder ............................. 198, 320, 321 
Securityholders ........................................... 353 
SeDeX ................................................... vii, 320 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ........................ 630 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ........ 486, 631 
Senior Obligation ........................................ 631 
Senior Reference Entity .............................. 631 
Seniority Level ............................................ 631 
September 2013 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 126 
September 2013 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus .................... 100 
September 2014 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 126

--- Page 1306 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1274 
 
September 2014 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ................... 101 
September 2015 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 126 
September 2015 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ................... 101 
Series .................................................. 179, 317 
Settled Entity .............................................. 631 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount ......... 631 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount . 631 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ........................ 631 
Settled Entity Matrix .................................. 631 
Settled Entity Notional Amount ................. 631 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ................ 631 
Settled Entity Weighting ............................ 632 
Settlement Business Day ............................ 838 
Settlement Currency ........................... 632, 648 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ...... 632 
Settlement Date .......................................... 339 
Settlement Disruption Event ....................... 838 
Settlement/Custodial Event ........................ 632 
SFA........................................ xxviii, 849, 1056 
SFIA Act ................................................ x, 197 
SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions ............. 803 
SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions ..... 803 
SGRs........................................................... 278 
Share ........................................................... 404 
Share Company .......................................... 404 
Share Condition .......................................... 404 
Share Linked Securities ................................. vi 
Share Substitution ....................................... 410 
Shareholders ............................................... 157 
Short-Term Securities ................................. 243 
SIBA ........................................................... 217 
SIMs ........................................................... 278 
Single Exchange Index ............................... 379 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes .............. 632 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount 559, 632 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity . 559 
Single Name Successor Entity ............ 559, 632 
Single Target Percentage ............................ 679 
Single Target Redemption Percentage ........ 755 
Single-Rate VRDI .............................. 240, 246 
skew ...................................................... 78, 195 
Slovak Securities Act ................................. 231 
Snowball Accrual Day ................................ 729 
Snowball Accrual Denominator ................. 729 
Snowball 
Accrual 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount .................................. 729 
Snowball Accrual Numerator ..................... 729 
Snowball Accrual Period ............................ 729 
Snowball Accrual Rate ............................... 729 
Snowball Accrual Relevant Percentage ...... 729 
Social Bond Eligibility Criteria .................... 94 
Social Bond Framework ............................... 94 
Social Bonds ................................. 94, 149, 155 
Social Finance Assets ................................... 95 
Social Finance Assets Portfolio .................... 95 
Social Finance Bonds ................... 96, 149, 155 
Social Finance Framework ........................... 95 
SOFR .......................................................... 805 
SOFR Fallback Provisions .......................... 806 
SOFR Floating Rate .................................... 804 
SOFR Index ................................................ 806 
SOFR IndexEnd .......................................... 806 
SOFR IndexStart ......................................... 806 
SOFR Observation Period ........................... 805 
SOFR Reference Rate ................................. 805 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date ............ 805 
SOFRi ......................................................... 805 
Solvency Capital Provisions ....................... 632 
SONIA Compounded Index ........................ 802 
SONIA Floating Rate .................................. 801 
SONIA Index Floating Rate ........................ 802 
SONIA rate ................................................. 802 
SONIAi ....................................................... 802 
SONIAi-5LBD ............................................ 802 
Sovereign .................................................... 632 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation
 .................................................................... 632 
Sovereign Succession Event ....................... 632 
Specific Inconvertibility .............................. 439 
Specific Non-Transferability ....................... 439 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date .................. 822 
Specified Currency............................ 610, 1062 
Specified Currency Jurisdiction .................. 446 
Specified Current Payment Security ........... 254 
Specified Early Exit MER Barrier Observation 
Date ............................................................. 691 
Specified ELIs ............................................. 253 
Specified Final Valuation Date ........... 729, 781 
Specified Financial Centre(s) ...................... 438 
Specified Gemini Event Valuation Date ..... 729 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date 649 
Specified Interest Initial Floor Strike Date . 650 
Specified Interest Strike Date ..................... 650 
Specified Interest Valuation Date ............... 650 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date ........................................ 691 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Initial 
Floor Strike Date ......................................... 691 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date ............................................................. 691 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date ...................... 691 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date ............................................ 691 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date ............................................................. 729 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date ... 691 
Specified MER Initial Floor Strike Date ..... 691 
Specified MER Strike Date ......................... 691 
Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................. 691 
Specified Number ....................................... 633 
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date ............................................................. 729 
Specified Redemption Initial Floor Strike Date
 .................................................................... 730

--- Page 1307 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1275 
 
Specified Redemption Lower Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ............................................ 730 
Specified Redemption Strike Date ..... 730, 781 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ............................................ 730 
Specified Time ........................................... 830 
Specified Valuation Date ............................ 791 
SPECTRUM ................................................. vii 
SPGRE ....................................................... xvii 
SPGRUK .................................................... xvii 
Spread Cap Margin ..................................... 815 
Spread Interest Rate .................................... 813 
Spread Rate 1 .............................................. 815 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ... 815 
Spread Rate 1 Margin ................................. 815 
Spread Rate 2 .............................................. 815 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ... 815 
Spread Rate 2 Margin ................................. 815 
Spread Rate 3 .............................................. 815 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate ... 815 
Spread Reference Rate ............................... 813 
Spread Securities ........................................ 816 
SRD Fallback Provisions ............................ 796 
SRO ............................................................ 187 
SRO List ..................................................... 633 
SRO Rules .................................................. 188 
SRR ................................................................ 8 
Stabilisation Manager(s) ............................ xxiii 
Standard Event Determination Date ........... 633 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .................. 634 
Standard Reference Obligation ........... 187, 634 
Standard Specified Currency ...................... 634 
Stapled Share .............................................. 404 
Start Date .................................................... 406 
Steps Plan ................................................... 634 
Sterling ...................................................... xxiii 
STLF........................................................... 303 
Stockholm Banking Day ............................. 341 
Strategy Breach .................................. 427, 434 
sub unit ....................................................... 376 
Subordinated Obligation ............................. 634 
Subordinated Reference Entity ................... 634 
Subordination ............................................. 609 
Subsidiary ................................................... 367 
Substitute .................................................... 367 
Substitute Asset .......................................... 839 
Substitute Index Level ................................ 388 
Substitute or Successor Rate Event ............ 845 
Substitute Reference Obligation ................. 634 
Substitution Date ........................................ 635 
Substitution Event ...................................... 635 
Substitution Event Date .............................. 635 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount .... 635 
succeeded.................................................... 636 
succession ................................................... 636 
Succession Date .......................................... 637 
Successor ...................................... 63, 186, 635 
Successor Backstop Date .................... 187, 636 
successor corporation ................................. 366 
Successor Currency .................................... 440 
Successor Dividend Futures Contract ......... 454 
Successor Index .. 383, 389, 392, 395, 449, 450 
Successor Notice ......................................... 637 
Successor Reference Entity ......................... 644 
Successor Resolution Request Date ............ 637 
SUGEVAL .................................................. 219 
Supplements ...................................... 853, 1059 
Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars
 .................................................................. 1060 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus ........... 854 
Supplements to the Original Base Prospectus
 .................................................................... 854 
Surviving Reference Entity Count .............. 561 
Swap Transaction ........................................ 797 
Swedish Agency Agreement ....................... 319 
Swedish CSD Rules .................................... 319 
Swedish Indirect Securityholder ................. 352 
Swedish Securities .......................................... x 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent
 .................................................................... 319 
Swedish Securities Register ................ 197, 321 
Synthetic Dividend........................................ 25 
t ................................................... 678, 750, 773 
T2 ................................................................ 375 
T2 Business Day ......................................... 376 
T2 Settlement Day ...................................... 637 
Target Dividend .................................... 35, 406 
Tax Disruption ............................ 392, 400, 449 
taxable  disposition ..................................... 238 
Taxes ........................................................... 165 
TCA ............................................................ 276 
TDt .............................................................. 406 
Tender Offer ....................... 410, 419, 426, 462 
Terms and Conditions ................................. 317 
the 2021 Definitions .................................... 800 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ................... 637 
TLAC .......................................................... 143 
Trade Date ................................................... 791 
Trading Disruption ...................................... 401 
Trading Suspension ..................................... 440 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation........... 637 
Tranche ............................................... 179, 317 
Tranche Size ............................................... 637 
Transaction .................................................. 797 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ....... 637 
Transaction Type ........................................ 638 
Transactions ................................................ xxv 
Transfer Agent ............................................ 318 
Transfer Taxes ............................................ 269 
Transferable ................................................ 589 
Transferable 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics ............................................. 620 
Treaty ................................................. xxiii, 372 
Trigger Event .............................................. 825 
Trigger Event Date ...................................... 825 
Trigger Event(i) .......................................... 825 
Trigger Level(i) ........................................... 825 
Trigger Percentage ...................................... 638 
TUIR ........................................................... 277 
U ..................... 676, 750, 916, 997, 1126, 1207

--- Page 1308 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1276 
 
U.S. ...................................................... xxiii, 91 
U.S. dividend-linked payments .................. 254 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 457, 
806 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 831 
U.S. Holder ................................................. 236 
U.S. Issuer .................................................. 250 
U.S. person ................................................. 324 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime................. 377 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ................... 6 
U.S.$ .......................................................... xxiii 
U.S.C. ......................................................... 377 
UAE ................................................. xxviii, 233 
UCL Adjustment ........................................ 685 
UCL Denominator ...................................... 686 
UCL Numerator .......................................... 686 
UCLt ........................................................... 406 
UCLt-1 ....................................................... 406 
UK .......................................... 849, 1056, 1058 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ......................... 50 
UK CRA Regulation............... xvii, 1037, 1039 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .... xxviii 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............ xxiv, 849, 1056 
UK Prospectus Regulation214, 
849, 
1056, 
1058 
UK Register .................................................. 51 
Ukraine Reference Entity ........................... 639 
Unassignable Obligations ........................... 548 
Undeliverable Assets .......................... 554, 639 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation ........ 550 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations ...... 639 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 639 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations ................. 548 
Undeliverable Obligations .......................... 548 
Undeliverable Participations....................... 549 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation ... 550, 639 
Underlyers .................................................. 230 
Underlying ............................................. ix, 791 
Underlying Closing Level380, 387, 393, 401, 
404, 405, 414, 423, 432, 438, 444, 448, 449, 
453, 457, 460, 791 
Underlying Level380, 393, 401, 404, 414, 423, 
438, 444, 449, 453, 460, 791 
Underlying Linked Securities ........................ vi 
Underlying Obligation ................................ 639 
Underlying Obligor .................................... 639 
Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions ......... 844 
Underlying Return ...................................... 678 
Underlying Return (Final) .......................... 754 
Underlying RMB Currency Event .............. 791 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity ....................... 791 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility .............. 791 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability ....... 792 
Underlying Schedule .......................... 316, 792 
Underlying Schedules ................................. 316 
Underlying Securities ................................. 253 
Underlying Share ........................................ 413 
Underlying Share Company ........................ 413 
Underlying Share Currency ........................ 406 
Underlying Share Event .............................. 419 
Underlying Share Exchange........................ 413 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day . 413 
Underlying Share Related Exchange .......... 413 
unit .............................................................. 363 
Universal Successor .................... 187, 636, 639 
Unlimited Share .......................................... 157 
Unlimited Shareholder ................................ 157 
Unscheduled Holiday .................................. 443 
Unwind Costs .............................................. 639 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level ........................................................... 718 
Upper MER Barrier Level........................... 718 
Upper Range ............................................... 822 
Upper Range 1 ............................................ 822 
Upper Range 2 ............................................ 822 
Upper Range 3 ............................................ 822 
USBD .................................................. 806, 831 
USBDx ........................................................ 805 
USD .................................................... 441, 443 
USD SOFR Swap Rate ............................... 812 
USRPI ......................................................... 255 
V% .............................................................. 816 
Valuation and Settlement Condition ........... 792 
Valuation Date ............................ 550, 639, 792 
Valuation Method ............................... 550, 640 
Valuation Obligation ................................... 641 
Valuation Obligations ................................. 478 
Valuation Postponement ............................. 443 
Valuation Roll ............................................. 792 
Valuation Time380, 385, 393, 404, 414, 423, 
444, 453, 457, 460, 551, 641, 792 
Vienna MTF .................................................. vii 
voting power ............................................... 367 
Voting Shares .............................................. 641 
VRDIs ......................................................... 240 
Warrant ....................................................... 448 
Warrant Condition ...................................... 448 
Warrant Linked Securities ............................. vi 
Warrant Termination Event ........................ 448 
Weighted Average Final Price .................... 641 
Wn ............................................... 680, 709, 756 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ........ 750 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date .... 676 
Written Decision ......................................... 352 
Written Decision Date ................................. 354 
x .......................................................... 803, 824 
X ......................................................... 681, 757 
X Percentage ............................................... 379 
y .................................................................. 803 
Y1 ....................................................... 826, 827 
Y2 ....................................................... 826, 827 
Yen .............................................................xxiii 
your currency ................................................ 13 
Z .................................................................. 690

--- Page 1309 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1277 
 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
THE ISSUERS 
 
Citigroup Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Registered Office: 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO CITIGROUP INC. AND CGMHI 
 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO CGML 
 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London, E14 5GL 
United Kingdom

--- Page 1310 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1278 
 
ISSUING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
AUTHENTICATION AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE 
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION AGENT  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
TRANSFER AGENT, CERTIFICATE AGENT AND FRENCH SECURITIES ISSUING AND 
PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London, E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
 
Ashurst LLP – Luxembourg Branch 
Le Dôme 
Building A 
15, rue Bender 
L-1229 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom

--- Page 1311 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1279 
 
DEALER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
390 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
DEALER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
LISTING AGENTS 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland