--- Page 1 ---
Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2021 
 
 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
 
and 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the state of New York) 
 
and 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) 
under Luxembourg law, with registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg 
(Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199) 
 
each an issuer under the 
Citi U.S.$80,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. only will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A only will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger of the Programme 
Citigroup 
 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
CGME

--- Page 2 ---
Introduction to this Document 
ii 
 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as amended (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation") and relates to the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme"). This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and may be 
supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in it.How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you 
with information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing 
any Notes (as defined in Section G.1 below). 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Notes will comprise the General Conditions of the 
Notes (see Section G.1 below) together with the additional terms and conditions (see Section G.2 below) 
set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" and if the Notes are linked to:  
(a) 
one or more inflation indices, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 
1 (Inflation Index Conditions)";  
(b) 
one or more rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions)"; 
(c) 
the credit of one or more reference entities, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions)"; 
(d) 
if the Notes are specified to be Index Skew Notes, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions)"; and 
(e) 
one or more currency rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 
5 (FX Rate Conditions)",  
and, in relation to any tranche of Notes, as completed or supplemented, replaced and/or modified, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in "What are Issue 
Terms" below).  
This Base Prospectus also includes other general information such as: 
(a) 
the principal risks the Issuer (as defined below) and (if applicable) the Guarantor (as defined 
below) believe to be inherent in investing in the Notes; 
(b) 
information relating to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor;  
(c) 
information relating to the Programme and the Notes;  
(d) 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
(e) 
taxation considerations.  
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index of Defined Terms. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus from such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means, when it relates to:

--- Page 3 ---
Introduction to this Document 
iii 
 
(a) 
Notes which are not Exempt Notes (as defined in the section entitled "Important Notices" 
below), the applicable Final Terms which completes the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes; or  
(b) 
Notes which are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes and may also specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, supplement, replace and/or modify such terms and conditions. 
Who is the Issuer and (if applicable) Guarantor of the Notes? 
Notes under this Base Prospectus will be issued and (if applicable) will be guaranteed by any of the 
following:  
(a) 
Citigroup Inc. ("Citigroup" or "Citi") (in which case, the Notes will not be guaranteed by any 
entity);  
(b) 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. (in such 
capacity, the "CGMHI Guarantor"); and  
(c) 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") and guaranteed by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") (in such capacity, the "CGMFL Guarantor").  
CGMHI and CGMFL is each an "Issuer" and collectively, the "Issuers". The CGMHI Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Guarantor is each a "Guarantor" and collectively, the "Guarantors". References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Issuer" and "Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly. 
What type of Notes does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Notes which are zero coupon notes (which do not bear 
interest) as well as the following types of interest bearing notes:  
(a) 
fixed rate notes; 
(b) 
floating rate notes; 
(c) 
CMS interest linked notes; 
(d) 
inflation rate notes; 
(e) 
DIR inflation linked notes; 
(f) 
range accrual notes; 
(g) 
digital notes; 
(h) 
digital band notes; 
(i) 
inverse floating rate notes; 
(j) 
spread notes;  
(k) 
volatility bond notes; 
(l) 
synthetic forward rate notes;  
(m) 
previous coupon linked notes; 
(n) 
FX performance notes; 
(o) 
reserve coupon notes; 
(p) 
global interest floor notes;

--- Page 4 ---
Introduction to this Document 
iv 
 
(q) 
global interest cap notes; 
(r) 
restructure interest rate notes; 
(s) 
credit linked notes whose return is linked to the credit of one or more specified entities and 
which may or may not bear interest; 
(t) 
index skew notes, and which may or may not bear interest, which reference a package skew 
position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative transaction and (ii) a set of single 
name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction corresponding to an 
underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index transaction) where (i) and 
(ii) have equal and offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event 
intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting, other than in the event of an early 
redemption; 
(u) 
any combination of the foregoing except that (i) FX performance notes shall not be inflation 
rate notes or DIR inflation linked notes; (ii) reserve coupon notes shall not be fixed rate notes, 
inflation rate notes or DIR inflation linked notes; and (iii) Notes which are credit linked notes 
cannot also be index skew notes; 
(v) 
any combination of paragraphs (a) to (u) above. 
In addition, the Notes may be dual currency notes which are denominated in one currency and payable 
in a different currency). 
In addition, any of the above Notes (i) will have more than one interest basis applicable to different 
interest periods and/or different interest payment dates if an "automatic change of interest basis" is 
specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms (as described below); and/or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, 
be switched from one interest basis to another interest basis if a "switcher option" is specified to apply 
in the relevant Issue Terms; and/or (iii) on the occurrence of a lock-in event, be switched from one 
interest basis to another interest basis if a "lock in change of interest basis" is specified to apply in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
The Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) or the investor (a 
put option) and will, at maturity, pay a fixed redemption amount or, if a DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Amount is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by reference to 
movements in an inflation index. 
What is the status of the Notes? 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor and payments to be made by such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
under the Notes are subject to the credit risk of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. As such, 
the potential return on and value of the Notes will be adversely affected in the event of a default or 
deterioration in the financial position of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. The information 
on the Issuers and the Guarantors set out in this Base Prospectus (which includes information 
incorporated by reference) provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities 
as well as certain financial information and material risks faced by the Issuers and the Guarantors.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Notices 
 
v 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and/or Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and/or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Notes, the 
Dealer(s) will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below). However, each Issuer 
reserves the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Notes in specified 
jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and 
regulations. Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
In connection with your acquisition of Notes issued under this Base Prospectus, an affiliate of the Issuer 
may provide product and sales services to you ("Services"). Each affiliate provides such Services on its 
own behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citi and its affiliates (including the Issuer and any such 
affiliates of the Issuer) have previously agreed to share revenue in respect of any Notes based on the 
respective contributions by such Citi companies, including the provision by such affiliate(s) of Services. 
Accordingly, a portion of the revenue received by the Issuer from you in respect of the Notes is allocable 
to such affiliate(s) and is received by the Issuer on behalf of such affiliate(s).  For a list of affiliates 
providing Services in specific countries, please see https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Notes may be issued whose return (in respect of any interest payable 
on such Notes and/or the repayment of principal on such Notes) is linked to one or more inflation indices 
("Inflation Rate Notes") or one or more rates ("Rate Linked Notes") or the credit of one or more 
reference entities ("Credit Linked Notes" or the relative performance of a credit linked index and one 
or more constituents of that index "Index Skew Notes") or one or more currency exchange rates ("FX 
Rate Notes"), together, "Underlying Linked Notes", as more fully described herein. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions set out herein, in which event, if the Issuer is Citigroup Inc., a supplement 
to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMHI, a supplement to the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMFL, a supplement to the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes, will be made available. 
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
Each of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), 
as competent authority (the "Competent Authority") under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered an endorsement of any of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or of 
the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require 
the publication of a prospectus. However, there can be no assurance that such applications will be 
approved or that, if approved, any such approval will be given within a specified timeframe. 
Application will also be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for the Notes issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. An electronic 
copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com. Application may be made for the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. to be listed

--- Page 6 ---
Important Notices 
 
vi 
 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. Application may be made for any Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "MoT") or any other relevant market organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A., but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of 
issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. Application may be made for the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance 
that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading on the Open 
Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any 
Notes, as the case may be, or at all. The Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to a competent 
authority of another Member State of the EEA (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of 
approval pursuant to Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a Final Terms document (the Final Terms and reference to the "applicable Final Terms" 
shall be construed accordingly) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement" and references to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" shall be construed accordingly) 
which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, (in the case of Exempt Notes) completes, modifies 
and/or supplements the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s). In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s) and (ii) the applicable 
Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below) shall prevail. 
As used herein, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references 
should be construed accordingly.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and are intended to 
be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and/or listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or listed on the 
Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the MoT or on any other relevant market organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) and/or listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and/or admitted to trading on 
the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG). As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Italian 
Stock Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any other regulated market for the purpose of 
MiFID II as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. As specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on the Global Exchange Market (as defined below) and/or any other stock exchange or market that

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
 
vii 
 
is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars (the 
"Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars", the "CGMHI Base Listing Particulars", and the "CGMFL 
Base Listing Particulars", respectively, and together, the "Base Listing Particulars"). Application will 
be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing 
Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange market (the "Global 
Exchange Market") which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange 
Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Save where expressly provided or the 
context otherwise requires, where Notes are to be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market, 
references herein to "Base Prospectus", "Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", "CGMHI Base 
Prospectus" and "CGMFL Base Prospectus" shall be construed to be to "Base Listing Particulars", 
"Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars", "CGMHI Base Listing Particulars" and "CGMFL Base 
Listing Particulars", respectively. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official list or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation or the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Notes to which it relates, inter alia, the specific 
designation of the Notes, the aggregate principal amount and type of the Notes, the date of issue of the 
Notes, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any), and the redemption amount of the Notes 
and, as relevant, the underlying inflation index, rate or exchange rate (each an "Underlying") to which 
the Notes relate and, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, Index Skew Notes or DIR Inflation Linked 
Notes in respect of which a DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is applicable, the entities or 
underlying(s), as the case may be, to which, depending on the credit of such entity or the underlying(s), 
the return of the Notes (upon an early redemption or otherwise) is linked and certain other terms relating 
to the offering and sale of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms completes the Terms and Conditions 
of the relevant Notes. The applicable Pricing Supplement supplements the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant Notes and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to 
the extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes, supplement, replace and/or 
modify such Terms and Conditions. In respect of Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the applicable 
Issue Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of that 
Tranche. The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Risk warnings 
AN ISSUE OF NOTES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE 
BOUGHT 
AND 
TRADED 
BY 
INVESTORS 
WHO 
ARE 
PARTICULARLY 
KNOWLEDGEABLE IN INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
NOTES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE 
RELEVANT NOTES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND THAT 
THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT NOTES AS AN INVESTMENT 
IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. IT IS THE 
RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE THAT THEY HAVE 
SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL ADVICE TO MAKE 
THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER BUSINESS 
EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE NOTES AND ARE 
NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, (IF APPLICABLE) THE GUARANTOR 
OR ANY DEALER IN THIS REGARD. NOTES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, 
INCLUDING THE POTENTIAL LOSS OF PRINCIPAL. INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS 
OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT HEREIN.

--- Page 8 ---
Important Notices 
 
viii 
 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will be as set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in 
the relevant Schedule(s) thereto. 
Prospective investors should note that the Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor are 
limited to the events stated in General Condition 9(a)(i) and 9(a)(ii) (Events of Default) relating to default 
in payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes but will not include the insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the deed of guarantee dated 21 December 2015, as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced 
from time to time (the "CGMHI Deed of Guarantee") executed by the CGMHI Guarantor and not being 
(or being claimed not to be) in full force and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may 
be declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings or disclaimed the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, holders of Notes issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the 
Notes and thus will not be able to cause the Notes to be immediately due and payable, and the Notes will 
not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment of interest or 
principal or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that holders may 
receive a lower return at maturity than if they were able to accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment 
in such circumstances.  
Belgian Code of Economic Law  
In respect of public offers of Notes in Belgium, the Issuer could be required to comply with the provisions 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the application of the 
terms and conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms relating to such Notes 
in Belgium, insofar as these provisions are applicable. 
Form of Notes 
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, Notes to be issued hereunder 
will be in registered form ("Registered Notes") and will be represented by registered note certificates 
("Registered Note Certificates"), one Registered Note Certificate being issued in respect of each 
holder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series.  
Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), as the case may be, 
will be represented by a global Registered Note Certificate (a "Global Registered Note Certificate") 
registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the 
case may be, and the Global Registered Note Certificate will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, 
common safekeeper or custodian, as the case may be. Interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate 
will be exchangeable for definitive Registered Note Certificates as described under "Form of the Notes" 
set out herein. In addition, indirect interests in Notes may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST 
Depository Interest ("CDI") mechanism in Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST"). 
Notes issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av financiella 
instrument) ("SFIA Act") ("Swedish Notes") will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act, all as more fully described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
No global or definitive registered Swedish Notes will be issued. The Swedish Notes will be transferable 
only in accordance with the provisions of the SFIA Act, other applicable Swedish legislation and the 
rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear Sweden"). 
Notes issued in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo- osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) ("Finnish Notes")will be 
issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, 
as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Account (Fin. laki arvo osuustileistä (827/199, as 
amended)), all as more fully described in the applicable Issue Terms. No global or registered Notes will

--- Page 9 ---
Important Notices 
 
ix 
 
be issued. The Finnish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the legislation, rules and 
regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland Ltd ("Euroclear Finland"). 
See Section F.4 below for further information. 
U.S. notices 
None of the Notes, the deed of guarantee dated 25 January 2019, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or replaced from time to time, executed by the CGMFL Guarantor (the "CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee") and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (collectively, the "Deeds of Guarantee") has been 
nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL may be offered and sold outside of the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI may be offered and sold within the United States 
to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) other than, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, to 
QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. Notes issued by CGMFL, which are guaranteed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor, will not be offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons at any time. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Any purchaser of Notes 
that is a registered U.S. investment company should consult its own counsel regarding the 
applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules 
promulgated thereunder to its purchase of Notes and should reach an independent conclusion with 
respect to the issues involved in such purchase.  
The Notes and Deeds of Guarantee do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of 
a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a 
plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Each Noteholder of Notes issued by CGMFL ("CGMFL Notes") (including each holder of a 
beneficial interest in such CGMFL Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, 
notwithstanding any other term of the CGMFL Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings between CGMFL and such Noteholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL Notes, 
to be bound by the exercise of, any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority. See General 
Condition 19 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in 
Respect of Notes Issued by CGMFL) and also the risk factor "Risks relating to the exercise of any 
bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL and 
Noteholder agreement to be bound thereby". 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").  A statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes (as defined herein) as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of any relevant "benchmark" is included in the register of administrators of the European 
Securities Market Authority ("ESMA") under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 10 ---
Important Notices 
 
x 
 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect of 
Securities Issued by CGMFL 
Each Noteholder of Notes issued by CGMFL ("CGMFL Notes") (including each holder of a beneficial 
interest in such CGMFL Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding any other 
term of the CGMFL Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between CGMFL 
and such Noteholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL Notes, to be bound by the exercise of, any bail-
in power by the relevant resolution authority. See General Condition 19 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect of Notes Issued by 
CGMFL) and also the risk factor "Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant 
resolution authority in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL and Noteholder agreement to be bound 
thereby".

--- Page 11 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xi 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF NOTES 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes. However, 
any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State) and published in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, PROVIDED 
THAT the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as 
provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail 
Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Non-
exempt Offer of such Notes.  
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility, in the 
jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus extends, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus under Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an "Investor") 
who acquires any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom the Issuer has given consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus (an "EEA Authorised Offeror") in that connection, PROVIDED 
THAT the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the EEA Authorised Offeror. The 
consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "EEA Consent" and "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an EEA 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any 
Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that EEA Authorised Offeror. 
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer has authorised the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this 
Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an EEA 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the context of the 
Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely 
on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice.

--- Page 12 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xii 
 
EEA Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (b) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer of Notes issued by it for the period of 12 months from the 
date hereof subject, in relation to any offer, as provided below. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to EEA Consent": 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by the relevant Dealer and 
by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial EEA Authorised Offeror in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website and identified as an EEA Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Notes by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing the 
MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published 
by [Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] (the "Issuer"). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer of its 
consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with 
the offer of the Notes in accordance with the EEA Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to 
the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using 
the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The "EEA Authorised Offeror Terms" are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and it 
agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Any financial intermediary who is an EEA Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above who 
meets all of the conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant offer period, to publish on its website the statement (duly 
completed) specified at paragraph (b)(ii) above. 
Common Conditions to EEA Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 13 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xiii 
 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes in Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, 
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg (in the case of Citigroup Inc.), Poland, Portugal and Spain, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in paragraph (b) above, will 
be Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, 
Poland, Portugal and Spain, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as 
part of a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, 
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal and Spain, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation for such offer. 
Consent given in connection with public offers in Switzerland 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes to the public in Switzerland on the basis of 
this Base Prospectus, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 36(4)(b) 
FinSA and Article 45 of the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO), as provided under 
"EEA Consent" above and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent 
and on the basis that for the purposes of the above: 
 
references therein to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland"; 
 
the reference in "EEA Consent" to "Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in 
Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, 
Luxembourg (in the case of Citigroup Inc.), Poland, Portugal and Spain, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms" is to "non-exempt public offer(s) in Switzerland"; and 
 
the paragraph commencing "The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable Final Terms" in "EEA Consent" is deleted. 
General Consent is subject to the further condition that the financial intermediary is authorised to make 
a non-exempt public offer in Switzerland under applicable Swiss laws and regulations. 
Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN EEA AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS 
AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO 
THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF 
SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR (WHERE THE 
ISSUER IS CGMHI), THE CGMFL GUARANTOR (WHERE THE ISSUER IS CGMFL) AND 
ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT 
OF SUCH INFORMATION.

--- Page 14 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xiv 
 
Credit Ratings 
Citigroup Inc. has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC ("S&P"), A3/P-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and A/F1 by Fitch 
Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch").1  
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by S&P, A3/P-2 by Moody's and 
A/F1 by Fitch'.2  
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P and A+/F1 by Fitch.3  
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.4  
The rating of a certain Tranche of Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
S&P is not established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA") and regulations made thereunder (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The S&P ratings have 
                                                     
1 "BBB+" by S&P: An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-2" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-2" has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category 
(source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A3" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-2" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-2" have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations 
(source: www.moodys.com). 
"A" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: 
www.fitchratings.com). 
2 For an explanation of the ratings in respect of CGMHI, see footnote 1 above. 
3 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of 
a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by 
S&P Global Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case 
for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘−’ may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within categories from 'aa' to 'ccc' 
(source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: 
www.fitchratings.com). 
4 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of 
a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by 
S&P Global Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations 
(source: www.moodys.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case 
for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘−’ may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within categories from 'aa' to 'ccc' 
(source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: 
www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 15 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xv 
 
been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("SPGRE"). SPGRE is established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such SPGRE is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that 
ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the 
European Union by the relevant market participants. On 1 January 2021, a new UK credit rating agency, 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited ("SPGRUK") has been registered with the FCA so that the credit 
ratings issued or endorsed by SPGRUK may be usable for certain regulatory purposes in the UK under 
the UK CRA Regulation. Credit ratings assigned or endorsed by SPGRUK (including EU ratings issued 
by SPGRE) receive, respectively, "UK" or "UKE" regulatory identifiers. 
Moody's is not established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Moody's ratings have been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd. is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. As such, Moody's Investors Service Ltd. is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
FCA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https:/www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The FCA has indicated 
that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd. may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market participants. The Moody's ratings 
have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. As such Moody's Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings which have been 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH may be used in the European Union by the relevant market 
participants.  
Fitch is not established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Limited is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA on its website (at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. The FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which 
have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market 
participants. The Fitch ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that 
ratings which have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited may be used in the European Union 
by the relevant market participants. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, will 
be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional 
liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") or any other 
deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuers are not regulated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of any Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xvi 
 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined 
below)) comprises a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in 
respect of Notes to be issued by Citigroup Inc. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and CGMFL Base Prospectus (as 
defined below)) comprises a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
in respect of Notes to be issued by CGMHI. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and CGMHI Base Prospectus (as 
defined below)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of Notes to be issued by CGMFL. 
Responsibility statement 
Citigroup Inc. accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where 
Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. Citigroup Inc. does not take responsibility for the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Citigroup 
Inc., the information contained in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with "Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements 
between investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Notes. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMHI, the information contained in the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information 
relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors" 
above. 
The CGMHI Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information in Section E.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where 
CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. The CGMHI Guarantor does not take responsibility for 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus (excluding the 
information in Section E.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.") is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This 
paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of 
Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors" above.

--- Page 17 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xvii 
 
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Notes. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMFL, the information contained in the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information 
relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors" 
above. 
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information in Section E.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and information set out in Section E.6 entitled "Alternative Performance 
Measures - Citigroup Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. The CGMFL Guarantor does not take 
responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(excluding the information in Section E.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A." and the information set out in Section E.6 entitled "Alternative Performance 
Measures - Citigroup Inc.") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important 
information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and 
Authorised Offerors" above.  
Where information in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as the case may be) has been sourced from a third party, the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, 
as far as the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Notes 
only, any information contained therein relating to the Underlying(s), will only consist of extracts from, 
or summaries of, and will be based solely on, information contained in financial and other information 
released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). Unless 
otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Notes only, 
the relevant Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing 
such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) is/are aware and 
is/are able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, 
of such Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the paragraphs 
immediately above. 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are 
incorporated by reference therein (see Section D.1 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus"). The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated into and form part of the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference therein (see Section D.2 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus"). The CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference therein (see Section D.3 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL

--- Page 18 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xviii 
 
Base Prospectus"). The CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The Citigroup Inc. base prospectus (the "Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base 
Prospectus with the exception of:  
(a) 
the information in Section D.2 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus";  
(b) 
the information in Section D.3 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated therein by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in Section E.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc."; 
(d) 
the information in Section E.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."; 
(e) 
the information in Section E.4 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited";  
(f) 
the information in Section E.5 entitled "Form Of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(g) 
the information in Section E.7 entitled "Alternative Performance Measures - CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the "CGMHI Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of:  
(a) 
the information in Section D.1 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus"; 
(b) 
the information in Section D.3 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus"; 
(c) 
the information in Section E.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.";  
(d) 
the information in Section E.4 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(e) 
the information in Section E.5 entitled "Form Of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(f) 
the information in Section E.7 entitled "Alternative Performance Measures - CGMFL 
Guarantor".  
The CGMFL base prospectus (the "CGMFL Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in Section D.1 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus";  
(b) 
the information in Section D.2 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated therein by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in Section E.1 entitled "Description of Citigroup Inc."; and 
(d) 
the information in Section E.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc.". 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the

--- Page 19 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xix 
 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) 
or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Issuer and/or, where applicable, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of any Issuer and/or 
CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and offers of Notes generally 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary 
in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, the 
Kingdom of Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, the British Virgin Islands, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Republic 
of Cyprus, Denmark, Dominican Republic, the Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El 
Salvador, Finland, France, Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Ireland, 
Israel, Italy, Japan, State of Kuwait, Mexico, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), Russian Federation, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, Republic of Turkey, United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre) and Uruguay. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
The price and principal amount of securities (including any Notes) to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of those 
things, by any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of any Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Each 
potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus solely for the purpose of considering the 
purchase of Notes described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage of this Base Prospectus is 
unauthorised. None of the Dealers (in the case of CGML, in its capacity as Dealer) undertakes to review

--- Page 20 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xx 
 
the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in any Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus , the Central Bank of Ireland has not scrutinised 
or approved the information contained in such websites and none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes responsibility for the information contained in such 
websites. 
In connection with any Tranche (as defined in section F.3 below), one or more of the Dealers may act as 
a stabilisation manager (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)"). The identity of the Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any, will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Issue Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"Euro", "euro", "€" or "EUR" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended (the "Treaty"), references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the currency of 
the United States of America, references to "Yen" are to the currency of Japan and references to 
"Sterling", and "GBP" are to the currency of the United Kingdom.  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None 
of the Notes has been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, 
nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation 
to the contrary is unlawful. The Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts 
of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the 
CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer makes any 
representation to any investor in any Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any 
applicable laws. Any investor in any Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in such Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 21 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xxi 
 
U.S. information 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States 
is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed 
or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only if the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that 
the offer and sale of any Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions 
and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Notes, 
to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other 
transfer of such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. information" section have the meanings given to 
them in "Form of the Notes". 
Any tax discussion herein was written to support the promotion or marketing of the Notes to be 
issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus. Each taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer's 
particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for herein, or any other provision of 
this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from the date of 
commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated herein (the 
"Transactions"), any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose 
to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the 
Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to 
it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of 
Notes thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the tax 
treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding 
the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
Available information 
Citigroup Inc. has, in respect of Notes issued by it, undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 
(the "Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll") and CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. have, in respect of Notes 
issued by CGMHI, undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 (the "CGMHI Rule 144A Deed 
Poll" and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll, the "Rule 144A Deed Polls") to furnish, 
upon the request of a holder of any Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him the information required 
to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, Citigroup 
Inc. is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder. 
Notice to residents in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as 
are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon,

--- Page 22 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xxii 
 
any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the Programme should 
conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If a prospective 
purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, he or she should consult an authorised 
financial adviser.  
Notice to residents in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to existing account 
holders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB") in the Kingdom 
of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent 
amount in other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 
2006). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as 
a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to accredited 
investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for investment, whether in 
or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the statements and information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any 
liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the 
content of this document. No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and 
this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made 
available to the public generally. 
Notice to residents in the State of Qatar 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This Base 
Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Central 
Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock 
Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not constitute debt financing in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or 
otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
PRIIPS/IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors – Other than as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, save in relation to any jurisdiction(s) or period(s) for which the "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" is specified to be not applicable in any Issue Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – UK retail investors – Other than as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered,

--- Page 23 ---
Important Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
xxiii 
 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Notes in respect of which Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for such purposes), it has prepared the following Target Market 
Assessment and Distribution Strategy https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/MiFID-II-
Target-Market-Disclosure-Notice.pdf. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment and 
distribution strategy; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II or UK MiFIR is responsible for (i) 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer's target market assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA 
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 24 ---
Table of Contents 
 
xxiv 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................ 27 
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme.................................................................. 27 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................... 28 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be inherent in 
investing in Notes. .............................................................................................................................. 28 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 91 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor 
prior to making a decision as to whether to invest in Notes. ................................................................ 91 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS .......................................................................................... 104 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the 
Guarantors from other publicly available documents. This section also details where certain other 
specified documents relating to the Notes are made available for viewing. ....................................... 104 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS .......................................................................... 105 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................ 115 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................ 126 
SECTION D.4 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION .................................. 140 
SECTION D.5 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS OR 
THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS ................. 141 
SECTION 
E 
– INFORMATION 
RELATING 
TO 
THE 
ISSUERS 
AND 
THE 
GUARANTORS.............................................................................................................................. 142 
This section provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities as well 
as certain other information in respect of them. ................................................................................ 142 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. .................................................... 143 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS 
INC. ................................................................................................................................... 152 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A...................................................................................................... 158 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ........ 164 
SECTION E.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE ................................. 166 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. ... 171 
SECTION E.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL 
GUARANTOR ................................................................................................................... 173 
SECTION F – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES ............................................................................................................................................ 176 
This section sets out a general description of the Programme under which securities, including 
Notes, may be issued. ........................................................................................................................ 176

--- Page 25 ---
Table of Contents 
 
xxv 
 
SECTION F.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES ................................ 177 
SECTION F.2 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................. 192 
ANNEX 1 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and 
clearing system(s) that may apply to Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, 
as well as an explanation that there is no intention to provide post-issuance 
information and an explanation relating to ................................................ 192 
SECTION F.3 – ISSUE OF NOTES ................................................................................... 194 
ANNEX 2 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Notes, 
including an explanation of the differences between a Tranche and a Series.
 .................................................................................................................... 194 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................... 195 
ANNEX 3 
This section describes the form of the Notes (which form may be global 
registered form, definitive registered form or uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form). ................................................................ 195 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................. 198 
ANNEX 4 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through 
which a Series of Notes may be cleared. ..................................................... 198 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS ................................................................................... 205 
ANNEX 5 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Notes being 
acquired or held by certain United States pension and employee benefit plans 
and certain other plans such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh 
plans. .......................................................................................................... 205 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 206 
ANNEX 6 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can 
purchase the Notes in certain jurisdictions. ................................................ 206 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES .......................................................................... 230 
ANNEX 7 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating 
to Notes. ...................................................................................................... 230 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................. 291 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .......................................... 294 
ANNEX 8 
The General Conditions of the Notes set out the general terms and conditions 
relating to the Notes. These are generic provisions that apply to all Notes. 294 
SECTION G.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 340 
ANNEX 9 
The Underlying Schedules set out the terms and conditions relating to 
underlying assets. The Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant 
Series of Notes will depend on which underlying asset(s) the Notes are linked 
to and which information will be detailed in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. .................................................................................... 340 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS ............................... 341 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 RATE CONDITIONS ...................................................... 347 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................... 350 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................... 385

--- Page 26 ---
Table of Contents 
 
xxvi 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) ...................................... 529 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 (FX RATE CONDITIONS) .............................................. 536 
SCHEDULE A ................................................................................................................... 547 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ............................................................ 548 
ANNEX 10 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule sets out the economic or 'payout' 
terms of the Notes. These are optional provisions and only certain of these 
terms will apply to the relevant Series of Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that 
Series of Notes. ........................................................................................... 548 
SECTION G.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................ 636 
ANNEX 11 
The Pro Forma Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which 
will be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Notes 
which are not Exempt Notes. When completed, the Final Terms should be 
read in conjunction with General Conditions of the Notes, the Underlying 
Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply to such 
Tranche of Notes and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, which together 
set out the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes. ................ 636 
SECTION G.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................ 773 
ANNEX 12 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement 
document which will be completed with the issue specific details of each 
Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes. When completed, the Pricing 
Supplement should be read in conjunction with the General Conditions of the 
Notes, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement to apply to such Series of Notes and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, which together set out the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify or 
supplement provisions set out in the General Conditions of the Notes, any 
relevant Underlying Schedule(s) and/or the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule...................................................................................................... 773 
SECTION H – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................ 900 
This section sets out a list of capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular 
definition ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found............... 900 
SECTION I – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES.................................................................... 921 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in 
relation to Notes or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus. ..................................................... 921

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
(for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the "Notes") including, for the avoidance of doubt, Notes issued 
denominated or payable in any currency, subject as set out herein. The applicable terms of any Notes 
will be agreed between the Issuer and, where applicable, the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the 
Notes and will be set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes which, for the purpose of Notes issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus, shall mean the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" endorsed on, 
scheduled to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by Part A of the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in each case, as attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes. 
All Notes issued by the Issuers under the Programme will be governed either by English law or by the 
law of the State of New York as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The aggregate principal amount of securities outstanding under the Programme will not at any time 
exceed U.S.$80,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase or decrease 
described herein.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, you assume the risk that the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor becoming unable to satisfy their 
obligations in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors, as the Issuer and, 
where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not 
to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and, 
where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor's or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor's control. The Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where 
CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due 
under, or to deliver assets on or in connection with, the Notes. 
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes and, as a 
result, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and reach your own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Risks relating to Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor 
28 
Risks relating to Notes generally 
36 
Risks associated with Notes linked to rates, Benchmark Reform and the discontinuance and 
Replacement of "IBORS" 
46 
Risks relating to Notes linked to Underlying(s) 
58 
Risks specific to Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
63 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
83 
RISKS RELATING TO CITIGROUP INC., CGMHI, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, CGMFL 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects of one or more of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and cause one or more of Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or the CGMFL Guarantor's future results to be materially 
different from expected results. Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor's results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The factors 
discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks 
and uncertainties Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and the CGMFL 
Guarantor's businesses face. Each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. 
There may be additional risks that Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and any 
of these risks could have the effects set forth above. You should note that you bear the Issuer's, the 
CGMHI Guarantor's (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor's (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) solvency risk.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
The ability of each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case may 
be, is dependent on the earnings of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries 
CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are 
in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory 
authorities. Its respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable 
regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, CGMHI's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
by it may be adversely affected and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be 
adversely affected.   
In addition, Citigroup Inc. (also the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI) is a 
holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that generate 
revenues. It services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. The 
ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or advances are dependent on a number of factors. For 
example, certain of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries have co-branding and private label credit card 
relationships with various retailers and merchants through Group-branded cards and retail services credit 
card businesses. The five largest of these relationships constituted an aggregate of approximately 11% 
of the revenues of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (together the "Group") for 2019. These relationships 
could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic environment, declining sales 
and revenues or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant, termination due to a breach by 
a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other factors, including bankruptcies, liquidations, 
restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that would restrict the ability of the subsidiaries 
of Citigroup Inc. to pay dividends. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance and securities businesses 
can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state regulatory authorities. Respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit 
agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise 
sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to 
further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Inc.'s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee may be 
adversely affected and consequently the value of and return on the Notes issued by it or CGMHI (which 
have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected.  
The subsidiaries of CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly 
credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and 
foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services 
industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading 
activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. 
These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the 
subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends and/or advances, whether to CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (or both), may be affected 
by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the presence of 
certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen in relation to 
the potential impact of the UK's exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal government's 
indication that it may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, the businesses of CGMHI and/or Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries. The presence of certain 
subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number of risks, including sovereign volatility, 
foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their compliance and regulatory risks and 
costs. As a result, the dividends and/or advances subsidiaries are able to pay may be impacted which 
could have a negative effect on the ability of CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be adversely affected.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
 
The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it is dependent on CGML 
performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL 
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative 
transactions with CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to Noteholders under Notes issued by it (which 
may include the Notes). As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form of 
counterparty risk in respect of such derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes is primarily dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations 
owed to CGMFL in respect of such derivative transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML 
to do so will negatively affect the ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Noteholders 
will not have any recourse to CGML under any such derivative transactions. 
Rapidly evolving challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic will likely continue 
to have negative impacts on the Group's businesses and results of operations and financial condition 
The COVID-19 pandemic has become global, affecting all of the countries and jurisdictions where the 
Group operates. The pandemic and responses to it have had, and will likely continue to have, severe 
impacts on global health and economic conditions. These impacts will continue to evolve by region, 
country or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health consequences, 
including the duration and further spread of the coronavirus; the potential for new variants of the virus; 
timely development, production and distribution of effective vaccines; availability of therapeutics; public 
response; and government actions. The impacts to global economic conditions include, among others: 
 
the institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of the public 
in and among the U.S. and other countries; 
 
closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues and net 
losses; 
 
sharply reduced U.S. and global economic output, resulting in significant losses of employment 
and lower consumer spending, cards purchase sales and loan volumes; 
 
lower interest rates; 
 
disruption of global supply chains; and 
 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets. 
The pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, negative impacts on the Group's businesses and 
overall results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact 
on the Group's operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business 
strategies and initiatives, will continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and 
globally, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the course of the virus, as well as any 
delay or weakness in the economic recovery or further economic downturn.  
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from 
the pandemic, such as consumer and corporate relief measures and continued lower interest rates, could 
further affect the Group's businesses, operations and financial performance. The Group could also face 
challenges, including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its implementation of and ongoing efforts to 
provide these relief measures. Such implementations and efforts have resulted in, and may continue to 
result in, litigation, including class actions, and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such 
actions may result in judgments, settlements, penalties and fines adverse to the Group. In addition, the 
different types of government actions could vary in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions 
with varying degrees of effectiveness. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group's consumer and corporate borrowers will also vary by sector 
or industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, which could lead to increased 
pressure on their results of operations and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings 
downgrades, thus likely leading to higher credit costs for the Group. In addition, stress levels ultimately 
experienced by the Group's borrowers may be different from and more intense than assumptions made

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
 
in earlier estimates or models used by the Group, resulting in a further increase in the Group's allowance 
for credit losses or net credit losses, particularly as consumer and small business relief programs expire 
and the benefits of fiscal stimulus start to diminish. 
The pandemic may not be contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis could 
further reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines in 
employment and business and consumer confidence. These factors could further negatively impact global 
economic activity and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Group's products and 
services and in its revenues; further increase the Group's credit and other costs; and may result in 
impairment of long-lived assets or goodwill. These factors could also cause a continued increase in the 
Group's balance sheet, risk-weighted assets and allowance for credit losses, resulting in a decline in 
regulatory capital ratios or liquidity measures, as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels 
and/or limitations or reductions in capital distributions (such as common share repurchases and 
dividends). Moreover, any disruption or failure of the Group's performance of, or its ability to perform, 
key business functions, as a result of the continued spread of COVID-19 or otherwise, could adversely 
affect the Group's operations. 
Any disruption to, breaches of or attacks on the Group's information technology systems, including from 
cyber incidents, could have adverse effects on the Group's businesses. These systems are supporting a 
substantial portion of the Group's colleagues who have been affected by local pandemic restrictions and 
have been forced to work remotely. In addition, these systems interface with and depend on third-party 
systems, and the Group could experience service denials or disruptions if demand for such systems were 
to exceed capacity or if a third-party system fails or experiences any interruptions. The Group has also 
taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its colleagues; however, these measures could result 
in increased expenses, and widespread illness could negatively affect staffing within certain functions, 
businesses or geographies. In addition, the Group's ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key 
areas could be negatively impacted by global pandemic restrictions. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes 
in financial markets, the fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and 
corporate client behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and 
changes may make the Group's longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning 
more difficult or costly. The Group and its management and businesses may also experience increased 
or different competitive and other challenges in this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt 
or compete effectively, the Group could experience loss of business and its results of operations and 
financial condition could suffer. 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, and consequently the value 
of and return on such Notes may also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor 
You should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to 
the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into 
insolvency proceedings or disclaims the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, you, notwithstanding that you are 
a holder of Notes issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the Notes and 
thus will not be able to cause the Notes to be immediately due and payable, and the Notes will not redeem 
until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment of interest or principal or 
bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that you may receive a lower 
return at maturity than if you were able to accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment in such 
circumstances.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
 
Under U.S. banking law, Citigroup Inc. may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a bank 
holding company (such as Citigroup Inc.) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its 
subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, Citigroup 
Inc. may be required to commit resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its subsidiary banks in 
amounts or at times that could adversely affect its ability to also fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and consequently the value of and return on the Notes 
issued by it or CGMHI (which have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be 
adversely affected.  
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Notes could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders in a resolution scenario 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules ("QFC Stay Rules") designed to improve the 
resolvability and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations ("G-SIBs") and 
the U.S. operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified 
financial contracts ("QFCs") in resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, 
CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, are "covered entities" subject to the QFC Stay Rules. Certain of 
the Notes (such Notes, "Covered Instruments"), the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee – to the extent those guarantees relate to Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act ("OLA") 
(together, the "U.S. Special Resolution Regimes") as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved 
under ordinary insolvency proceedings. To achieve this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities 
(such as Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor) to ensure that their QFCs subject 
to the QFC Stay Rules (including any Notes which are Covered Instruments) (i) contain an express 
contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate 
becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit 
enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate's 
entry into insolvency proceedings.    
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of Notes 
which are Covered Instruments, and (in relation to Covered Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under such 
Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) from the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same extent as 
the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime.  
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual recognition that, in the 
event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any of their affiliates 
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no greater 
extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, 
"default rights" include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment or 
delivery thereunder. See General Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special 
Resolution Regimes). 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity 
incorporated in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain 
determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each "covered 
entities" for the purposes of the QFC Stay Rules and are required to include the above-described

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
 
acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, 
are eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.  
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect 
the rights of the holders of Notes issued by CGMHI or Citigroup Inc., (e.g. in respect of the right to 
demand payment), and accordingly, the price or value of their investment in any such Note and/or the 
ability of such Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. 
If you are in any doubt about the categorisation of any Notes as QFCs and the effect of any 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime on such Notes, you should take advice from 
such professional advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 15 
(Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor) shall limit the ability of the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant entity becoming subject to a 
resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any such substitution of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to comply with the substitution criteria set 
out in General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor). Any such substitution could 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price and/or value of their investment in the Notes and/or 
performance under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may 
be. 
A reduction of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's ratings may reduce the market value and 
liquidity of the relevant Notes 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the Issuer's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, the CGMFL Guarantor's and/or their affiliates' creditworthiness. Such 
perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates by standard statistical 
rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding 
debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or the securities 
issued by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading 
value of the Notes. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of an Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances 
warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels.  
The rating agencies continuously evaluate Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of 
Citigroup Inc.'s and its subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, 
including financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citigroup Inc. and its 
subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. 
If a rating agency reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of an Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or any 
affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market value of the Notes and, where applicable, the CGMHI 
Guarantor's or CGMFL Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely 
affected. 
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody's or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact 
on Citigroup Inc.'s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and 
derivative triggers and additional margin requirements. Ratings downgrades could also have a negative 
impact on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which 
there are no explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible 
counterparties, of which Citigroup Inc. may or may not be aware. A reduction in Citigroup Inc.'s or its 
subsidiaries' credit ratings could also widen Citigroup Inc.'s credit spreads or otherwise increase its 
borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of the foregoing factors may negatively 
impact the value of and return on the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
 
For information on the credit ratings of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, 
please refer to the sub-section entitled "Credit Ratings" in "Important information relating to Non-exempt 
Offers of Notes" at page xiv above.  
Citigroup Inc. may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes issued by it or (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI) 
its ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations 
As a global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citigroup Inc.'s 
businesses. Citigroup Inc.'s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted 
by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of Citigroup Inc.'s 
creditworthiness. 
In addition, Citigroup Inc.'s costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding 
are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market 
factors and factors specific to Citigroup Inc., and can be highly volatile.  
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are 
seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely to occur in a 
liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a 
temporary or lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing 
organisations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which Citigroup Inc. interacts may 
exercise the right to require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, 
which could further impair Citigroup Inc.'s access to and cost of funding.  
These factors may negatively impact the market value of the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or (in the 
case of Notes issued by CGMHI) Citigroup Inc.'s ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations. 
Actions taken under the Banking Act in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of and return on Notes issued by CGMFL  
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act"), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the 
Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (together, 
the "Authorities") as part of a special resolution regime (the "SRR"). These powers may be exercised in 
respect of certain UK entities (each a "relevant entity"), including UK investment firms such as the 
CGMFL Guarantor. 
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank 
administration and bank insolvency). The stabilisation options provide for: (i) private sector transfer of 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant 
entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of all or part of the business 
of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned and controlled by the Bank of England; (iv) 
writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or converting certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity, (the "bail-in option"), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of 
the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, the Authorities have wide powers, for 
example to modify contractual arrangements or disapply or modify laws with possible retroactive effect.  
The relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant Authority is satisfied that a relevant 
entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) following consultation with the other Authorities, the relevant 
Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the stabilising options) action will be 
taken that will result in the condition referred to in (a) ceasing to be met and (c) the Authorities consider 
the exercise of the stabilisation options to be necessary, having regard to certain public interest 
considerations. The stabilisation options could be exercised prior to insolvency, and payments to 
Noteholders may be delayed or less than expected. 
By way of example, exercise of the stabilisation options could involve (among other things) modifying 
or disapplying the terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee without Noteholders' consent. This could 
adversely affect their rights, the price or value of their investment and the ability of the CGMFL 
Guarantor to satisfy its obligations.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
 
In addition, if the CGMFL Guarantor were subject to a partial transfer of its business to another entity, 
the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred (which may include the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee) would negatively affect its creditworthiness. As a result, the CGMFL Guarantor may 
be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or subject to administration 
proceedings.  
In certain circumstances, while Noteholders may have a claim for compensation under the Banking Act, 
they may not recover compensation promptly or equal to losses incurred. 
Action taken under the BRRD in relation to CGMFL could materially adversely affect the value of 
and return on Notes issued by CGMFL 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
"BRRD") was implemented by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the recovery, resolution 
and liquidation of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the "BRR Act 2015"). 
Under the BRR Act 2015, the competent authority is the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier 
(the "CSSF") and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution council (Conseil de résolution) 
(the "Resolution Council"). 
The BRR Act 2015 contains resolution tools and powers which may be used where the Resolution 
Council considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The BRR Act 2015 provides for the power to impose a suspension of activities, including a partial or 
complete suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by a Luxembourg incorporated in-
scope entity (such as CGMFL). The BRR Act 2015 also grants the power to the Resolution Council to 
take a number of other resolution measures including (i) a forced sale of all or part of the business of a 
Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity, (ii) the establishment of an entity wholly or partially in public 
control (a "bridge institution"), which may limit the capacity of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope 
entity to meet its repayment obligations, (iii) the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or 
obligations of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity and (iv) the application of the general bail-in 
tool to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors (including to zero) and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership, which equity or other instruments 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.  
If Notes issued by CGMFL are subject to the bail-in tool, holders of such Notes may lose some or all of 
their investment. The terms of the obligations under the Notes may also be varied by the Resolution 
Council (e.g. suspension of payments). In addition, more recent amendments to the BRRD and other 
related pieces of EU legislation, together with their implementation into Luxembourg law, provide for a 
new pre-resolution moratorium tool and new powers to suspend performance of agreements (including 
payment) entered into by the relevant institution or relevant in-scope entity (such as CGMFL).  
The exercise of the above powers could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of Notes 
issued by CGMFL, the price or value of their investment in any such Note and/or the ability of CGMFL 
to satisfy its obligations under any such Note.  
In certain circumstances, while Noteholders may have a claim for compensation under the BRR Act 
2015, they may not recover compensation promptly or equal to losses incurred.  
Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority in respect of 
Notes issued by CGMFL and Noteholder agreement to be bound thereby 
The terms and conditions of the Notes provide that each Noteholder of Notes issued by CGMFL 
("CGMFL Notes") (including each holder of a beneficial interest in such CGMFL Notes) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding any other term of the CGMFL Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between CGMFL and such Noteholder, by its acquisition 
of such CGMFL Notes (a) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant 
resolution authority if the latter were to consider that the amounts due under the CGMFL Notes would 
fall within the scope of the bail-in power, which bail-in power may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
 
CGMFL Notes, (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the CGMFL Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of CGMFL or another person, including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Notes, in which case 
the Noteholder agrees to accept, in lieu of any rights under the CGMFL Notes, any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of CGMFL or another person, (iii) the cancellation of the CGMFL Notes, 
(iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the CGMFL Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the CGMFL Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period, and (b) if applicable, that the terms and conditions of the 
CGMFL Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-
in power by the relevant resolution authority.  See General Condition 19 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect of Notes Issued by 
CGMFL). 
Accordingly, any bail-in power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders of the 
CGMFL Notes losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the CGMFL Notes or receiving a 
different security from the CGMFL Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the CGMFL Notes 
and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities (and 
holders of those securities may be subject to liabilities to which they would not be subject as the holder 
of debt securities).  Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to implement 
the bail-in power without providing any advance notice to Noteholders of the CGMFL Notes.  
Anti-tax avoidance directives 
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive ("ATAD"), was adopted on 12 July 
2016 to implement in the EU Member States' domestic legal frameworks common measures to tackle tax 
avoidance practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid mismatches 
within the EU context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse rule, and (v) 
exit taxation rules. Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to go further as 
regards hybrid-mismatches with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU ("ATAD 2") 
amending the ATAD provisions with respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. ATAD must 
be implemented by the EU Member States as of 1 January 2019, and ATAD 2 as of 1 January 2020. 
Luxembourg adopted (i) the Law of 21 December 2018 implementing ATAD with effect as of 1 January 
2019 and (ii) the Law of 20 December 2019 implementing ATAD 2 with effect as of 1 January 2020 
(except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rules, which should apply as of 1 January 2022). These rules 
could increase the taxable base of the Notes issued by CGMFL and/or reduce amounts available for 
distribution to Noteholders. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
An investment in Notes involves risks (as further described in the paragraphs below) and should only be 
made after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in the 
value of the inflation indices, currencies or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), 
as well as the terms and conditions of the Notes. More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects 
with regard to the Notes such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, 
more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable. 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
You should be prepared to sustain a total or partial loss of the purchase price of your Notes.  
Other than any Notes having a scheduled minimum redemption value, Notes purchased may be worthless 
on redemption. In addition, the Notes will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least the issue price 
if the applicable Issue Terms provide that the Redemption Amount at maturity is an amount equivalent 
to at least such amount. If the Notes provide that the Redemption Amount may be less than the issue 
price, such Notes may be redeemed at an amount less than such price. If the Notes are redeemed at less 
than the issue price or the Notes are cancelled or repaid early in accordance with their terms, the amount 
received by you, as a holder of such Notes, may be less than your initial investment.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
 
Furthermore, the Notes may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed early, and if so, the price for 
which a Note may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount of such Note and/or 
your initial investment in such Notes. 
For Notes which are linked to Underlying(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your 
investment, you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated 
change in the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more 
a Note is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that you 
will lose all or part of your investment. The only means through which you can realise value from a Note 
prior to the maturity date in relation to such Note is to sell it at its then market price in an available 
secondary market (if any). Fluctuations in the value or the yield (if applicable) of or the relevant rates of 
exchange (if applicable) in relation to the relevant Underlying(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Notes. You risk losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) does not move 
in the anticipated direction.  
Further, you may receive no interest during the term of the Notes. 
Notes are unsecured obligations and subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor 
All Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Notes issued by it will 
rank equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured 
and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor. The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee will be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor. See General Condition 3 (Status). 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes issued by it, the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee represent general contractual obligations of each respective entity and of no other person. 
Only Notes issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Only Notes issued by 
CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be 
guaranteed by any entity. 
Accordingly, all payments under the Notes are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and, where the Issuer 
is CGMHI, of the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, of the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Noteholders will not have recourse to any secured assets of the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor in the event that the Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor is unable to meet its obligations under the Notes, including e.g. in the event of 
an insolvency, and therefore risk losing some or all of their investment. 
A sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may result in a loss to the investor 
The value of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption varies as the price or level of the Underlying(s) 
varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the trading price of the 
relevant Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) the 
Redemption Amount, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) 
and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
Depending on the above factors (e.g. if movements in the price or level of the Underlying(s) reduce the 
probable range of any Redemption Amounts), a sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may 
be at a substantial discount from the original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your 
investment. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount or 
issue or offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Notes,

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such price volatility could lead to a greater loss than otherwise on any sale of the 
Note prior to its scheduled redemption or an inability to sell the Note in the secondary markets. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price 
The Issue Price and/or offer price of Notes may include fees and/or other commissions and inducements 
(e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes in the 
secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or offer price of the Notes 
and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference will 
result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Notes and consequently a loss to the investor, particularly 
in relation to any such Notes sold immediately following the issue date or offer period relating to such 
Notes. 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors 
should be prepared to hold their Notes until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid 
and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find a timely and/or 
suitable purchaser. If it is possible to sell Notes, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the 
market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several 
factors including the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, 
the time remaining to the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer 
is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and 
factors affecting the capital markets generally. The introduction of additional or competing products in 
the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any Notes.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Notes easily or at all or at prices that will provide you 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices equal 
to or higher than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than the 
original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that the 
term of the Notes is in line with your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case should 
the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or issue or offer price or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility 
than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. The liquidity of Notes is also influenced by the type of investor to whom such Notes are sold. To 
the extent that an issue of Notes is or becomes illiquid, you may have to hold the relevant Notes until 
maturity before you are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market. If 
Notes are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for the 
relevant Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
If Notes are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on trading 
systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading systems 
or "MTFs") or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In the event 
that trading in such Notes takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market or trading 
systems, the manner in which the price of such Notes is determined may be less transparent and the 
liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and any Dealer grants any warranty to Noteholders as to the methodologies used to 
determine the price of Notes which are traded outside a trading system. However, where the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates determines the price of such Notes, it will take into account the market parameters 
applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of law. Even if Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
 
Each of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Notes at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased 
may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Notes are surrendered for cancellation, then 
the number of Notes outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the outstanding Notes. 
Any such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market 
and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where 
applicable, part of its activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related 
products or otherwise, may make a secondary market in relation to any Notes and may provide an 
indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant 
party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a 
representation by such party that any Notes can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and any of 
the parties specified above may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative prices 
without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these circumstances, there may be no market for the 
relevant Notes and you should not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly you must be 
prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity date, and may not be able to sell them prior to such date or, 
if you can, you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and/or the date of purchase or subscription of any Notes may change at any time (including during any 
subscription period or the term of any Notes) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment 
which will apply to the Notes at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse effect on you 
including that your Notes may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the 
tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to you may be less favourable than otherwise 
expected by you. 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Underlying(s) and 
the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. This may in turn affect the market value, 
trading price and viability of, and return on, the Notes. This is because the amounts received and/or value 
of assets deliverable under the Notes will depend on (among other things) the performance of any such 
Underlying(s) and the Notes may be subject to early redemption as a result of events related to hedging 
arrangements. In addition, amounts and/or assets due under the Notes may be reduced to reflect costs 
related to hedging arrangements.  
For example, the Dodd-Frank Act would, upon full implementation, impose limits on the maximum 
position that could be held by a single dealer in certain of the Underlying(s) and may subject certain 
transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase costs in relation to some 
types of hedging activity by the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any of their respective affiliates. 
Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could require certain Underlying(s) or hedging transactions to 
be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central data repositories and, in 
some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, viability and cost. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct requirements on persons active 
in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin requirements), which may affect the 
value of relevant Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging transactions. Such regulation may 
consequently affect the market value, trading price and viability of, and return on, the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and 
payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Notes denominated in a Specified Currency and/or payable in a currency other than the 
currency of your jurisdiction ("your currency") entails significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, but are not limited 
to: 
 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and 
the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; 
 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; and 
 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which none of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
has any control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as economic and political events and the 
supply of, and demand for, the relevant currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Notes may be 
denominated and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note.  Depreciation of the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency of a Note against your currency would result in a decrease 
in the effective yield of such Note below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a substantial 
loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Specified 
Currency and/or payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Note. There can be no 
assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Notes which are 
denominated in any such Specified Currency and/or payment currency. 
Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that a Specified Currency and/or payment 
currency would not be available to the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor when payments on a Note are due because 
of circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. Any such restriction, prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively 
affect the value of and return on the Notes, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Specified Currency and/or payment currency and/or your 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Notes and payments thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Note are required to be made may be redenominated, for example, 
because such currency is: 
 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the Issuer 
is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's control; 
 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international 
banking community.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Note is officially redenominated, other than as a 
result of Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency that 
is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor on such Note 
immediately following the redenomination will be the amount of redenominated currency that represents 
the amount of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations immediately before the redenomination.  
The Notes will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
 
any change in the value of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency of those Notes 
relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that 
composite currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of and return 
on the Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters which may have a general or specific effect upon your interests. Matters decided at such 
meetings may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes, and further, the 
vote of a defined majority may be binding on all Noteholders, including those Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, (i) any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant 
Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the relevant 
Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any 
modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. In 
determining what is "materially prejudicial", the Issuer shall not consider the individual circumstances 
of any Noteholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in any jurisdiction. Any such 
amendment to the Notes could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes or, 
without limitation, a Noteholder's tax, regulatory or accounting treatment of such Notes. 
See further General Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and 
Rounding). 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Notes in the EEA 
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Notes that are not Exempt Notes may be distributed by means 
of a public offer made in the specified Member State(s) of the EEA during an offer period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such offer and/or to scale back applications for 
such offer in the event of over-subscription or such other circumstances as are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In such circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any Notes or may be issued 
a number of Notes which is less than the amount for which such applicant investor applied. Any payments 
made by an applicant investor or, in the case of public offers in Italy any amount segregated by a 
distributor as intended payment of the offer price by an applicant investor, for Notes that are not issued 
to such applicant investor for any such reason will be refunded. However, there will be a time lag in 
making any reimbursement, no interest or compensation will be payable in respect of any such amounts 
and the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
 
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving 
notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur, 
even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have 
an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued. This may in turn have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the relevant Notes, with the result that you may not be able to sell the Notes prior to the 
maturity date or, if you can, that you may only be able to do so for a loss.  
Further, you should note that, in certain circumstances, Notes may not be issued on the originally 
designated issue date, for example because either the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has reserved the right to postpone such issue date or, following the publication 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus the Issuer has decided to postpone such issue date to allow 
investors who had made applications to subscribe for Notes before the date of publication of such 
Supplement to exercise their right to withdraw their acceptances. In the event that the issue date is so 
delayed, no interest shall accrue (if applicable) until the issue date of the Notes and no compensation 
shall be payable. 
Further, you should note that the applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of an 
offer of Notes in the Republic of Italy will be conditional upon admission to listing (in the case of a 
regulated market) or to trading (in the case of a multilateral trading facility) occurring by the issue date. 
In such case, in the event that such admission to listing or, as the case may be, trading of the Notes does 
not take place by the issue date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw the offer, the offer will be 
deemed to be null and void and the relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, you will not 
receive any Notes, any subscription rights you have for the Notes will be cancelled and you will not be 
entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Notes confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some 
discretion in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Notes including, inter 
alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other 
persons will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), but there can be no assurance that the 
exercise of any such discretion will not affect the value of the Notes or result in the occurrence of an 
early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to such judgements, determinations and 
calculations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence the amount 
receivable in respect of the Notes. 
Any third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the 
EEA or the United Kingdom may be the sponsor of an Underlying and may publish values or prices or 
other projections of creditworthiness in respect of an Underlying. Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates may also from time to 
time engage in transactions involving Underlying(s) for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts 
under their management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and regulations. Any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their affiliates may also 
issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Underlying(s). These activities may have a negative 
effect on the value of the relevant Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Notes. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may at the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time hereafter be in 
possession of information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material and may or may not be 
publicly available to Noteholders. There is no obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors in Notes 
or to Noteholders any such information.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
 
Where Notes are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to a 
mandate granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of such Notes, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
Substitution of CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor 
In relation to Notes issued by CGMFL where "Substitution provisions" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the 
holders, but subject to certain conditions, substitute for itself another company. 
Depending on whether "Additional Requirements" are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, amongst other conditions, the substitute company, on the date of such substitution, must 
either (i) be, in the opinion of CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least 
equivalent standing and creditworthiness to it, or (ii) if CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor does not 
unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of the substitute company, demonstrate a long 
term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service 
and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) 
being substituted. 
Any such substitution could have a material adverse impact on the rights of Noteholders, the value of 
and return on the Notes issued by CGMFL and/or performance under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
See further General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor). 
Realisation Disruption 
if "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation 
Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, 
charges or deductions in respect of the Notes and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes 
which would materially restrict, or materially increase the cost of, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
or materially restrict, or materially increase the cost of, any Hedging Party's obligations under any such 
hedging arrangements, or (ii) the occurrence or existence of any event which either materially restricts 
the exchange, delivery or transfer of the currency of payment of the Notes or of any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes or restricts the determination of any exchange rate in relation to any 
such currency), then either (a) the terms and conditions of the Notes (including any payment or delivery 
obligations) may be adjusted in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation 
Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may redeem the Notes.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to): (i) payments under 
the Notes being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the Notes; 
(ii) deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the Notes 
resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Notes or delivery of any Entitlement being subject to 
payment by the relevant Noteholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or 
deduction; (iii) delay of payments or deliveries in respect of the Notes until the relevant restrictions are 
lifted; (iv) determination of relevant exchange rates by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration 
all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a different rate to that which would 
have applied had the Realisation Disruption Event not occurred; and (v) (where legally permissible) in 
lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Notes, procuring the physical delivery of any 
Underlying(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above adjustments could produce a materially different 
redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Notes and could have a material adverse impact 
on the value of and return on the Notes. 
If the Notes are redeemed early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to you, 
as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(i) (Realisation Disruption Event).

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
44 
 
Illegality in relation to Notes 
If "Illegality" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Issuer determines 
that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Notes or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee in respect of such Notes or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor determines 
that the performance of its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of such Notes 
has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early and, if and 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated 
in respect of such Notes, notwithstanding such illegality, in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Section 871(m) Event 
In circumstances that constitute a "Section 871(m) Event" (being the occurrence at any time of 
circumstances in which the Issuer, and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor 
and/or any Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or 
CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor and/or any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or 
reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) (as defined in "Risks relating to the United States Tax 
Treatment of the Notes") with respect to the relevant Notes and/or the relevant Deed(s) of Guarantee 
and/or, any underlying Hedging Positions), if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
Early Redemption Event will occur in which case the relevant Notes may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of such Notes. 
If the Notes are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other amount 
as is specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Risks relating to the United States Tax Treatment of the Notes  
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Notes would generally be treated, in whole 
or part, as retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include a designation by the Issuer of a 
Substitute for itself, a Restructure Rate Acceptance under the terms of a Restructure Interest Rate Note 
(as defined under "Section G, Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 Restructure Interest Rate Notes" 
in this Base Prospectus) and the designation of a substitute or successor rate. 
The event of a significant modification could affect the Note's U.S. federal income tax treatment, 
potentially resulting in adverse withholding tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined under 
"Section F.8—Taxation of Notes" in this Base Prospectus). Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
The United States Tax Treatment of Certain Notes is Unclear 
The Issuer intends to treat the Notes as debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as 
described below under "United States Federal Tax Considerations—Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders". However, it is possible that all or any portion of a Credit Linked Note or any other Note that 
does not provide for the return of a holder's investment under all circumstances could be recharacterised 
as a non-debt instrument, in which case the character and timing of income may be different for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. In particular, if such a Note were treated as an instrument other than debt, 
interest payments on the Note could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction 
under an applicable income tax treaty.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
45 
 
Possible U.S. Federal Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
Section 871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), imposes 
a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed 
paid to Non-U.S. Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices 
that include U.S. equities under certain circumstances. United States Treasury regulations promulgated 
under Section 871(m) may require withholding on Non-U.S. Holders in respect of dividend equivalents 
deemed paid under certain Notes, regardless of whether the Notes are issued by the U.S. Issuer or the 
Non-U.S. Issuer (as defined under "Section F.8 – Taxation of Notes" in this Base Prospectus). Under 
these regulations, this withholding regime generally applies to Notes that substantially replicate the 
economic performance of one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one of two tests 
set forth in the regulations. However, based on an Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") notice, Notes 
issued prior to 2023 will generally be subject to withholding tax only if they have a "delta" of one with 
respect to the relevant underlying U.S. equity. The regulations provide certain other exceptions to this 
withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet 
requirements set forth in the regulations as well as instruments linked to securities that track such indices. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under 
Section 871(m), and you may therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Notes as compared 
to the return you would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
If the Issuer determines that amounts paid with respect to the Notes or any underlying hedging 
arrangements of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be subject to any withholding or reporting 
obligations pursuant to Section 871(m), the Issuer may redeem such Notes and, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, may pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note an amount equal to the 
fair market value of such Note, and may also deduct the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements from such amount. The amount repaid to you 
could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application 
of Section 871(m) to a particular Note. 
Green Bonds and Social Bonds 
You should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus for information 
relating to Green Bonds and Social Bonds (each as defined in the "Investment Considerations" section) 
and any relevant frameworks. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Group to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds or Social Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms, any relevant investment may not provide the results or outcome originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer or meet the goals of the relevant frameworks and/or it may not be 
possible for the Issuer or any of its affiliates to invest an amount equal to such net proceeds in accordance 
with any particular timing schedule relevant to you or the Notes. In addition, a relevant framework may 
be amended by the Group from time to time in a manner which may affect the value of relevant Green 
Bonds or Social Bonds, as applicable. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green" or "social" or any equivalently-labelled project or asset or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project or asset to be defined as "green" or "social" or any such 
other equivalent label. A clear definition or consensus may not develop or if market consensus is 
developed, such consensus may be different from the relevant framework or may significantly change 
over time which may affect the value of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds. Consequently, investments 
in businesses or projects described in the relevant framework agreements and any related opinions and/or 
reports may not meet your expectations or any binding or non-binding legal or other standards regarding 
any direct or indirect environmental impact (including any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by-laws or other governing rules, policies or investment mandates applicable to you). You should have 
regard to any descriptions of the relevant projects and eligibility criteria in any applicable framework 
agreement and the applicable Issue Terms and determine for yourself the relevance of such information 
and such opinions and/or reports and whether all your applicable standards will be met.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
46 
 
Any opinion, certification or report of any third party made available in connection with Green Bonds or 
Social Bonds may be subject to amendment or may not be maintained. In addition, the provider of any 
such opinion, certification or report may not be subject to any specific oversight or regulatory regime. 
Green Bonds or Social Bonds may also be listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), but you should be aware that the criteria for such listings or 
admission to trading may vary and may not meet your expectations and there is a risk that any such listing 
or admission to trading may not be maintained by the relevant Issuer or may be withdrawn. This may 
adversely affect the market value of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds with the effect that you may be 
unable to realise all or part of your investment. 
Failure by the relevant Issuer or any other relevant entity to allocate (or cause allocation of) an amount 
equal to the net proceeds as described in the relevant framework or provide reports, or the failure of any 
external assurance provider to opine on any relevant framework or on any report's conformity with the 
Group's sustainability strategy or the relevant framework, as the case may be, will not constitute an event 
of default under or trigger any early redemption rights (whether by the relevant Issuer or any Noteholder). 
In addition and for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds will not be 
segregated by the relevant Issuer or any other entity in the Group from its capital and other assets and 
there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds or Social Bonds and any Eligible 
Green Assets or the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio, respectively. 
Any of the above factors (and any events that negatively affect the value of any other Notes of the Issuer 
that are intended to finance "green", "social" or equivalently-labelled projects or assets) could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES LINKED TO RATES, BENCHMARK REFORM AND 
THE DISCONTINUANCE AND REPLACEMENT OF "IBORS" 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will 
result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 25 will be applied in the order set out therein, in each case where 
applicable for the relevant rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does 
not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option which 
does should be applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, the 
relevant rate could be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its discretion. There is a risk that the 
determination of the relevant interest rate in accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result 
in lower amounts payable to you under the Notes and a reduction in the their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever 
defined) which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines are necessary 
or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Substitute or Successor Rates 
provisions set out in the Rate Conditions shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market) and may include, where applicable and without limitation: 
 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) decides are appropriate; 
 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
 
(subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant 
jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
47 
 
is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, 
unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions 
in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation", and 
together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks Regulations") are a key element of the 
ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 2018 and been subject 
to subsequent amendments.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") 
and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and 
certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks Regulations as 
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain 
financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Notes traded on an EU 
regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, Notes listed on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and in a number of 
other circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, but has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the UK. The onus of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark 
administrators and UK supervised entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmark administrators which 
were authorised, registered or recognised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") prior to 31 
December 2020 were removed from the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 
onwards, the FCA maintains a separate public register of benchmark administrators and non-UK 
benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation (the "UK Register"). The UK Register retains 
UK benchmark administrators which were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 
December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU 
competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and 
is not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
48 
 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or 
registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and 
the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a 
non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending 
an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator 
does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK 
entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, 
then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of 
the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular Notes) could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark" and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may be 
entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes. 
Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
Certain base rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others 
are still to be implemented or formulated as follows: 
(a) 
LIBOR 
LIBOR (published in 7 maturities and 5 currencies) is expected to cease or become non-
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such rate is intended to 
measure immediately after 31 December 2021, or for certain US dollar LIBOR settings, 
immediately after 30 June 2023. Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment 
Considerations – Cessation or Non-Representativeness of LIBOR" for more information on the 
cessation or non-representativeness of LIBOR. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from 
LIBORs and have identified so-called "risk free rates" to replace such LIBORs as primary 
benchmarks. This includes (amongst others):  
(i) 
for GBP LIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA");   
(ii) 
for EUR LIBOR, the Euro Short-Term Rate ("EuroSTR", "ESTR" or "€STR"); and  
(iii) 
for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR").  
Regulatory authorities and central banks have stated that market participants need to have 
removed dependencies on LIBOR by the end of December 2021 (and have also set various 
interim milestones for transitioning from IBORs to "risk free rates").

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
49 
 
It is likely that a synthetic form of LIBOR could continue beyond the end of 2021 for certain 
tough legacy trades on a time limited basis. In particular, amendments to the UK onshored 
version of the EU Benchmarks Regulation give UK regulators the powers in certain limited 
circumstances where the FCA has found that a critical benchmark is not representative of the 
market it seeks to measure to direct the administrator of a critical benchmark (post Brexit 
LIBOR is currently the only UK critical benchmark) to change the methodology of the 
benchmark if doing so would protect consumers and market integrity. However, such powers 
are only intended for a narrow pool of tough legacy contracts that cannot transition. The exact 
details and scope of action UK regulators will take is to be confirmed. 
The EU has also amended the EU Benchmarks Regulation to include a power for regulators to 
designate one or more replacement benchmarks in certain limited circumstances for critical 
benchmarks or systemically important benchmarks where certain triggers are satisfied, relating 
to non-representativeness, cessation or orderly wind-down of the benchmark or where its use 
by supervised entities in the European Union is no longer permitted. This legislation is also 
primarily intended to assist contracts that do not have fallbacks or do not have suitable fallbacks 
for permanent cessation. 
New York ("NY") legislation originally proposed by the Alternative Reference Rates 
Committee (the "ARRC") to assist the transition of certain financial contracts governed by NY 
law which reference USD LIBOR (among other things) provides that, by operation of law, any 
contract that has a fallback based on USD LIBOR or no fallback will fallback to the 
recommended benchmark replacement plus spread adjustment. It is however possible that  
absent a United States federal legislative solution its application will be limited. 
Whilst the above proposed legislative solutions may assist some tough legacy trades, regulators 
have made clear that they are not an alternative to active transition. Parties who rely on potential 
legislative solutions will not have control over the economic terms of that action. Also there is 
a risk that such legislative solutions may not be effective in time, may not be able to address all 
issues or be practicable in all circumstances and the existence of different solutions in different 
jurisdictions could also give rise to potential conflicts of law. 
(b) 
EURIBOR 
Unlike LIBOR, EURIBOR is expected to continue to be published by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI) past 2021, using a reformed or hybrid methodology, in compliance 
with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. However, no assurance can be given this will be the case. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principals 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro 
dominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principals 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 
11 May 2021, the euro risk free-rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Key risks relating to the reform and eventual replacements of IBORs with risk free rates 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Notes linked to any such rates and in addition, the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations could be impacted materially adversely and/or it could be subject to disputes, litigation or 
other actions with counterparties or relative participants. 
The risk-free rates have different calculation methodologies and other important differences from the 
IBORs they will eventually replace (see "Differences in methodologies" below). Market terms for Notes 
linked to such "risk free rates" may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than 
those of later-issued Notes as a result. Furthermore, if the relevant risk-free rate (such as SONIA or 
SOFR) fails to gain market acceptance or does not prove to be widely used in the capital markets, the 
trading price of Notes linked to risk free rates may be lower than those of Notes linked to rates that are

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
50 
 
more widely used and as a result, you may not be able to sell your Notes at all or may not be able to sell 
your Notes at prices that will provide you with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk. 
To the extent that any Notes reference an IBOR or EURIBOR, prospective investors in Notes should 
understand (i) what fallbacks might apply in place of such rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be 
triggered and (iii) what unilateral amending rights (if any) on the part of the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent (as applicable) apply under the terms of such Notes. See the risk factors set out 
below. 
Differences in methodologies 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number of 
material respects, including (without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases or being 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, you should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interbank offered rates and any 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end of 
the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate the amount of 
interest which will be payable on such Notes. Also, some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their information technology or other operational systems, which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable following an 
Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the 
final Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption.  
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Base Prospectus. Also, it is anticipated that term SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term) will be provisionally published from 2021. It is possible that market participants may seek to apply 
such compounded rate or term rates for capital markets issuances. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rates 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rate referenced Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus.  
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time.  
The new risk free rates may have no established trading market, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Notes indexed to the new risk free rates may 
evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Notes may not be able 
to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
51 
 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Notes linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) if a Reference Rate Event 
occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, there 
is a risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of such Reference Rate (for an overview of 
how the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" below).  
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer's control. Whether a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable), and any subsequent use of a replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the 
Conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest or other payments under the Notes that are lower 
than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such 
Notes if the relevant Reference Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each holder of the Notes will bear the risks arising from any such change and 
will not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that a Reference Rate Event 
has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, it will:   
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) 
the Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an "Adjustment 
Spread");  
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes.  
You should be aware that  
(I) 
if, with respect to a Material Change Event Trigger, the Calculation Agent or the Determination 
Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such 
material change, then absent a determination that no Replacement Reference Rate or other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes are required, the relevant Notes may, at the Issuer's option, 
be subject to an early redemption, in which case you may lose some or all of your investment; 
(II) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
52 
 
changes made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than 
would otherwise have been the case;  
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Notes and  
(IV) 
if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not possible 
or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an 
Adjustment Spread, the Notes may, at the Issuer's option, be the subject of an early redemption, 
in which case you may lose some or all of your investment. There is no guarantee that a 
Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable). 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and holders and the proposed replacement adjustments are not 
intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, no 
amendments have occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate 
as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its sole and 
absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate or (b) if it determines there is no 
such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or 
successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Notes reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event is 
likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequence 
of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a Reference Rate 
Event occurs. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in making the 
determinations described above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of Notes. The selection of a 
Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions made by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with respect to the Notes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance 
that the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Reference Rate 
or that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate. 
In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes 
if the previous rate had continued being published in its current form.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
53 
 
Interest on Notes linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement selected 
by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent if a Benchmark Transition Event occurs 
USD LIBOR may be replaced by a successor or substitute interest rate 
If the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, and if 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then a Benchmark 
Replacement will be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent and substituted for 
USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Notes (for an overview of how the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of 
Reference Rates and Benchmarks" below). Such a determination and any related decisions, 
determinations or elections made by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in connection with 
implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Notes could result in adverse consequences 
to the relevant rate of interest, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the 
Notes. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and the potential reliance on SOFR to determine the 
rate of interest may adversely affect the return on and the market value of the Notes 
Pursuant to the terms of Valuation and Settlement Condition 24, if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then an alternative rate based on SOFR 
(if it can be determined and assuming no interpolated benchmark or fallback rate selected or formulated 
by ISDA are available) will be substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Notes (unless a 
Benchmark Transition Event also occurs with respect to the Benchmark Replacements that are linked to 
SOFR, in which case the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be used). In the following 
discussion of SOFR, when we refer to SOFR-linked Notes, we mean Notes at any time when the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement is based on SOFR. 
There is no guarantee that Term SOFR will be developed before LIBOR ceases and therefore the 
consequences of the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event in relation to Notes linked to USD 
LIBOR are uncertain 
The Benchmark Replacements include Term SOFR, a forward-looking term rate which will be based on 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Term SOFR is currently being developed under the sponsorship 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "NY Federal Reserve"). However, sufficient liquidity is 
needed in the underlying swaps markets to develop a robust Term SOFR and there is no guarantee this 
will be possible before LIBOR ceases. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs with respect to USD LIBOR, and if the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent cannot determine the relevant USD LIBOR rate by means of interpolating from other tenors of 
USD LIBOR or by reference to an ISDA fallback rate, and, at that time, a form of Term SOFR has not 
been selected or recommended by the Federal Reserve Board, the NY Federal Reserve, a committee 
thereof or successor thereto, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be substituted for USD 
LIBOR for all purposes of all subsequent determinations (unless a Benchmark Transition Event occurs 
with respect to that next-available Benchmark Replacement). 
These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant 
Governmental Body (such as the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the NY Federal Reserve), 
or (ii) in certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent. In addition, the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent may make changes with respect to, among other things, the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest. The Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent may adopt further changes it decides appropriate, such as technical, administrative 
or operational changes with respect to the Benchmark Replacement (including, without limitation, 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate 
and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
54 
 
of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary). Such changes could result in adverse consequences to the 
return on and value of the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark 
Replacement will be similar to the then-current Benchmark that it is replacing, or that any Benchmark 
Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the then-current Benchmark that it is replacing. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable replacement for, USD LIBOR 
The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018 and began publishing SOFR Averages (a 
SOFR Index) in March 2020. SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash 
overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all 
trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate, plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement ("repo") 
transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation (the "FICC"), a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). 
SOFR is filtered by the NY Federal Reserve to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered 
to be "specials". According to the NY Federal Reserve, "specials" are repos for specific-issue collateral 
which take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers 
are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. The NY Federal 
Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo 
data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-
party repo market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral 
Treasury repo transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The NY Federal 
Reserve notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from LIBOR. For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while USD 
LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. In addition, 
because SOFR is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas USD LIBOR is forward-
looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that the SOFR will perform 
in the same way as USD LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a 
comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. 
Furthermore, the NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the NY Federal 
Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to holders of SOFR-linked Notes. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuance may adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant Notes. 
No reliance on historical data 
Although the NY Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 
2014, such pre-publication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the 
future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, 
the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are 
linked to less volatile rates. 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent may make determinations or elections that could 
adversely affect the return on, value of and market for Notes linked to USD LIBOR 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then it may make 
certain determinations, decisions and elections with respect to the rate of interest on such Notes. Any 
such determination, decision or election could affect the amount of interest payable on such Notes. For 
example, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, then it will determine, among other things, 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent under the terms and conditions of the Notes, could present a conflict of interest.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
55 
 
In making the determinations, decisions and elections, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes, and such 
determinations, decisions or elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and 
market for such Notes. All determinations, decisions or elections by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent and shall become effective without consent from the holders of Notes or any other party. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, 
the relevant USD Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, 
a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made and: 
(A) 
if the USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the USD Benchmark 
as if no Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law 
or regulation for the Notes to reference the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, 
after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it 
has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate 
for USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the USD Benchmark, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Notes reference a USD Benchmark with respect to which a Benchmark Transition 
Event is likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the 
consequence of the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event described above will be realised if such 
a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 25. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in making the determinations described 
above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of Notes. The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, 
and any decisions made by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in connection with 
implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Notes, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any 
Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the relevant USD Benchmark or that any Benchmark 
Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of such USD Benchmark. In particular, any of these 
fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes if the previous rate had 
continued being published in its current form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) may mean adjustments are made 
to the Notes which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related 
adjustments to the Notes, including if applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer of providing 
exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). Alternatively, early redemption 
of the Notes may apply. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply, 
see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference 
Rates and Benchmarks" below. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return 
on or market for the Notes, and if the Notes are early redeemed, the amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
56 
 
IBOR transition and risks relating to anticipatory trigger events 
For any Notes where the reference rate or benchmark is a LIBOR, the announcements by the FCA and 
IBA on 5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be 
representative may have triggered certain fallback provisions (such trigger being an anticipatory trigger). 
Whilst fallback provisions may have been triggered, the effective date and consequences of such 
fallbacks may not be be in effect until after the date of such announcements. Consequences of such 
fallbacks may require the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) or the Issuer (or 
both) to identify a replacement rate or benchmark, calculate a spread to be applied to the replacement 
rate or benchmark, make adjustments and fulfil other related obligations under relevant fallback 
provisions in the Conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the fallback provisions, the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may make all determinations 
and/or adjustments in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with the occurrence of an 
anticipatory trigger, notwithstanding that such anticipatory trigger may have occurred before the Issue 
Date of the Notes. The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will give notice to 
Noteholders prior to making changes to the terms of the Notes but may not give notice significantly in 
advance. Noteholders should ensure that they read the fallback provisions applicable to their particular 
Notes and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. Whilst an anticipatory trigger may not result 
in the immediate replacement of the applicable rate or benchmark with a successor rate or benchmark, 
when changes are made there is a risk that the return on the Notes will be adversely affected (including 
that Noteholders receive a significantly lower amount of interest) or that the Notes may be early 
redeemed. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) and/or the Issuer to give 
notice 
Pursuant to the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) is required to notify the Issuer of certain determinations made in accordance with such 
provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the Noteholders thereof or of certain elections to redeem 
the Notes. However, failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to so notify 
the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to so notify the Noteholders will not affect the validity of any such 
determination or election. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If (a) the provisions of Underlying Schedule 2 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing 
Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and 
the Substitute or Successor Rates provisions and (b) the provisions relating to the consequences of any 
such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, 
if (i) a Rate has been discontinued or is permanently no longer being published, or (ii) there has been an 
official announcement or formal publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator and/or 
sponsor of such Rate that the Rate (x) is no longer representative, or (y) as of a specified future date will 
no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality 
that the Rate is intended to measure (in the case of (y) provided such specified future date has then 
occurred), the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the underlying 
closing level for such Rate by reference to an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate (or, if none, 
a rate which it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market)) and may 
make such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect any industry-
accepted practices for the successor Rate, including applying an adjustment factor. Any such 
amendments may result in payments under the Notes being different from those originally anticipated, 
and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined by reference to third party banks or in the 
Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's (as applicable) discretion or by alternative methods  
If the SRD Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1), the USD LIBOR SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(2) or the ISDA Determination 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3) apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
57 
 
Condition 25, the relevant rate of interest may be determined by reference to quotations provided by third 
party banks and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will have no responsibility 
to the Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on any such quotations. Further, if the relevant 
rate of interest cannot be determined by reference to bank quotations, then the rate of interest will be that 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). As a result, the return on your Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of your Notes 
may be adversely affected. 
If the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(i) apply 
pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 25 and the SONIA rate is not available or has not 
otherwise been published on a relevant day, the amount of interest payable on such Notes will be 
determined using (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the "Bank 
Rate") for such day plus the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank 
Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate published for the first preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA rate was published. In respect of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics 
of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, 
the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily SONIA is based. If the said rate and spread calculation 
provisions or alternative provisions for determining the SONIA rate in respect of a particular day become 
applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on the Notes, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Notes. 
More generally, Swap Rates (as defined below) may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms 
may cause one or more Swap Rate(s) to be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes the 
payout of which is dependent on the performance of such Swap Rate. 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and other "IBORs" are used as the floating leg in the calculation 
of the EUR Swap Rate, GBP Swap Rate, USD Swap Rate and other swap rates (collectively, the "Swap 
Rates", and each a "Swap Rate"), respectively. Consequently, if the calculation methodologies of 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are reformed, this could have a 
material effect on the calculation of the relevant Swap Rate(s). Furthermore, if EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, 
USD LIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are discontinued (the possibility of which is as described 
above), it may not be possible to calculate the relevant Swap Rate(s), and different fallback provisions 
would apply based on the fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25. Such 
fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein. This may mean that any fallback 
provisions included as part of the ISDA Determination itself may not apply (including the fallback 
provisions within Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions to include new IBOR fallbacks)).  
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) or SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate is to be determined and, in respect of SOFR Floating Rate Determination, Index Determination is 
specified to be not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, either "Shift" or "Lag" will be specified as 
applicable. "Shift" and "Lag" have emerged as conventions for daily compounding of rates in arrears. 
The conventions differ in the period that each method uses when weighting each business day's overnight 
rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach weights the relevant risk free rate according to 
the relevant number of days that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest 
Period (e.g. the observation period might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and 
end of the Interest Period). The "Lag" approach weights the relevant risk free rate according to the 
number of days that apply in the relevant Interest Period. Investors should be aware that divergence 
between the "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest being determined 
even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the Notes and may not be what investors expected.

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
58 
 
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR may 
differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by 
reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or 
SOFR, as applicable, as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination (Index Determination) or Index Determination in respect of SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination applies, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of 
SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. There can be no assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant 
to (i) and (ii) will be similar, and over time the market may adopt an application of these methodologies 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions. Further, investors should refer to 
"Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns" 
above for a description of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates across the market 
generally. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES LINKED TO UNDERLYING(S) 
General risks relating to Notes linked to Underlying(s) 
An investment in Notes linked to Underlying(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified principal 
amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate based on 
nationally published interest rate references), as amounts due in respect of such Notes are linked to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Note linked to Underlying(s) will depend on factors over which 
none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor has any control and which cannot 
readily be foreseen, and the return on Notes linked to Underlying(s) may attract certain of the same risks 
as an actual investment in the relevant Underlying(s). These risks include economic and political events 
and the supply of, and demand for, any relevant Underlying(s). 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of an Underlying, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Notes, and such fluctuations may affect the 
value of and return on the Notes. 
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or redemption payments to Underlying(s) can 
be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or redemption amounts may be contingent on 
the occurrence of certain events in respect of Underlying(s) which may not occur.  
Risks associated with Notes linked to Inflation Indices 
The risks of a particular Note relating to Inflation Indices will depend on the terms of that Note. Many 
economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of Notes 
relating to Inflation Indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions 
and/or events; and/or fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources 
(including in response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation in the 
economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation 
Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. Any such factor may either 
offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Notes relating to 
Inflation Indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return 
on their investment. 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Index-linked interest Notes will vary for each 
interest payment due may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed rate, non-
callable debt security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
See Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Notes linked to Inflation Indices.

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
59 
 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to Inflation Indices 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been 
published or announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Notes or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation 
to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes 
(an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), or (d) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for 
the use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the 
Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
revision to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-
off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of 
the Notes. If "No Revision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if "Revision" is 
not specified as applicable) then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level 
for such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive.  
Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that the index sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an underlying closing level for such index to correct a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of 
the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty calendar days following the first publication and 
announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent may use the corrected level of such Inflation 
Index for the purposes of any calculation in respect of the relevant payment date. In the event of 
inconsistency between a revision and a manifest error correction, the manifest error correction shall 
prevail.  
Any such adjustment, revision or correction (or absence thereof) may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels 
such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index 
with a successor index and make consequential adjustments to the terms of the Notes to account for such 
replacement. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. If no successor 
index can be determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect to the Notes. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a 
relevant Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the 
terms of the Notes as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as are 
necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the Notes. 
Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption Event shall 
occur with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
60 
 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to a relevant Inflation Index, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be 
redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in applicable Issue Terms or such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less 
than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.  
Risks associated with Notes linked to Rates 
The market value of the Notes may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, macro-
economic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of 
fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Note. Accordingly, before purchasing Notes, 
you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of the relevant Rates, 
as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
Depending on the terms of the Notes, you may receive no or a limited amount of interest because of the 
performance of the relevant Rates. In addition, you should ensure that you review the terms of the Notes 
in question as these may provide for amounts due to be determined by reference to an option or formulae 
linked to the relevant Rate rather than being a conventional debt security referencing a Rate, such as one 
which bears interest at a specified floating rate of interest. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return 
on Notes linked to one or more Rates than you would have received if you had invested in another product 
referencing a Rate. 
See Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of Notes 
linked to Rates.  
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Notes relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the consequences 
of a Disrupted Day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the relevant Rate 
by the Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Notes may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in 
each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Notes or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its 
obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes 
or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes (an "Increased Cost 
of Hedging"), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event. Any such 
adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
61 
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Notes linked to currency exchange rates 
An investment in Notes linked to currency exchange rates may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in foreign exchange.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the currency exchange rates 
may affect the actual yield to you, even if the average level is consistent with your expectations. In 
addition, Notes linked to currency exchange rates may be linked to emerging market currencies and, as 
such, may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to future levels or as against other currencies. 
Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in the future 
and this could result in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates and implied volatility of the relevant currency will affect the value of the 
relevant Notes. Currency values may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including 
governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency/currencies, regardless of other market 
forces, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on your Notes (see "Changes 
in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and payments in 
respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction"). 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Notes linked to currency exchange rates than you would 
have received if you had invested directly in the relevant currency or currencies or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of Notes 
linked to currency exchange rates. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events, Early Redemption Events and Currency Settlement Disruption 
Events in relation to Notes linked to currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
As the terms and conditions of the Notes relating to currency exchange rates include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the Notes may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Notes or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation 
to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes 
(an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), or (d) a relevant country has lawfully converted or exchanged its 
currency for a successor currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment 
Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any 
such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable in respect 
of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so 
be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
62 
 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot be 
made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Notes due to the occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the 
imposition of restrictions on the transferability, purchase and holding of the Specified Currency, (b) its 
non-acceptance by a clearing system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
Noteholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
ceases to exist, or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after, the relevant payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States 
dollars will not constitute a default and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to currency 
exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Notes include provisions dealing with the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day. These consequences shall be determined in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and may include (i) where Valuation Postponement is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, (ii) 
where First Fallback Reference Price or Second Fallback Reference Price is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determination of the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date by reference 
to alternative prices for the applicable currency exchange rate, and (iii) where Calculation Agent 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent determining 
the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date. Such alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Notes may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
The Valuation Postponement provisions, if applicable, may result in a Noteholder receiving payments in 
respect of the Notes after the originally scheduled date for payment. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Notes or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation 
to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes 
(an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), or (d) (i) any relevant rate ceases to be reported, sanctioned, 
recognised, published, announced or adopted (or similar action), (ii) the sponsor and/or administrator of 
a relevant rate officially designates or appoints a successor sponsor and/or administrator entity for that 
relevant rate or (iii) a relevant country has lawfully converted or exchanged its currency for a successor 
currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost 
of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable in respect of the Notes to reflect 
any such increased costs) and in the case of a successor rate, determination of the relevant rate by 
reference to the official successor rate. Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, 
such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
63 
 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot be made by it in the 
Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes due to the 
occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the imposition of restrictions on the 
transferability, purchase and holding of the Specified Currency, (b) its non-acceptance by a clearing 
system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to Noteholders by either (i) 
delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist, or (ii) 
making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the relevant 
payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States dollars will not constitute a default 
and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay. 
See further FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate 
Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) (Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 5 
(FX Rate Conditions). 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND/OR INDEX SKEW NOTES 
Credit Risk of the Reference Entity  
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms or 
unless such Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Interest Notes, to the full extent of their investment 
in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the "attachment point". In respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an investor's exposure to credit risk of any relevant Reference Entity may 
be to the full extent of any interest payable under such Notes. Upon the occurrence of any specified 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with respect to any Reference Entity, investors may suffer 
significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such 
Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit Linked Note may not reflect the impact of investing 
in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be 
considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity 
and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity.  
In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations of Reference Entities may not be standard, and 
holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that are not reflected in the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference Entity is a sovereign. There are no 
common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a sovereign government, faced with 
deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may attempt to reach resolution 
with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of governments and 
international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation that may affect 
holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those of the 
jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently unpredictable. 
As a result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all the 
circumstances in which holders of a sovereign Reference Entity's obligations may suffer credit-related 
losses.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
64 
 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may still occur although (a) 
the Reference Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (b) there is any 
actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation 
or (c) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, results from (i) any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice or change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body or (ii) the imposition of, or any change in, any 
exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or 
other authority. Investors should note that such legal risks are borne by the investors and the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, that arises directly or indirectly as a result 
of these matters will not prevent the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, from occurring under the Credit Linked Notes and 
which may result in interest amounts (in full or in part) ceasing to be payable or in the redemption of 
the Credit Linked Notes, in full or in part.Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference 
Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the 
laws in the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting 
requirements. Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in 
which the legal regime of a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various 
jurisdictions.The differences highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate 
assessment of the creditworthiness of certain Reference Entities, and these differences may have a 
significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt obligation in the event of bankruptcy or 
reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding has 
commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to trade or accelerate the 
debt of the relevant issuer. 
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference 
Entity generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (a) the name of the 
Reference Entity given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly 
named entities within a corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors 
identified with respect to a particular Reference Entity; (b) the obligor on any referenced obligation and 
its capacity, to the extent relevant for any Credit Linked Note; (c) the characteristics of any obligation 
referenced such as whether it is senior or subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured 
or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment obligation not related to borrowed money which may either 
meet or fail to meet certain requirements specified in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or redemption following a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable; and (d) where there are multiple Reference Entities, whether each Reference 
Entity is weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater weightings than others given 
a Reference Entity's weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note determines the portion of 
the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference Entity. Each of the 
above factors are important in making a decision whether to invest in Credit Linked Notes, as they may 
affect the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity(ies) in question and/or the value of and return on such 
Notes. 
Actions of Reference Entities  
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of 
indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes The views of market participants 
and/or legal counsel may differ as to how certain terms should be interpreted in the context of such 
actions, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of investors. 
A Reference Entity (which could equally be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) will not have any obligation to consider any investor's interest (as a holder of the Credit Linked 
Note) as to any corporate or sovereign actions that might be undertaken and as such, such actions could 
affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes and impact on the terms and conditions of such Credit Linked 
Notes. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to produce a particular result 
for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain actions. In some cases, a

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
65 
 
Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a different entity in a manner that 
does not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference Entity. In such cases, with respect 
to that Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable obligations (a circumstance commonly 
referred to as an "orphaning"), which may result in there being no appropriate Deliverable Obligations 
for an Auction to be determined with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to 
be effected. 
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference 
Entities may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in 
a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar 
financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, investors should 
note that the risk set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes when multiple successors 
are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and/or interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all losses incurred (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the payment of Contingent Interest only (and not any 
Non-Contingent Interest or principal) is contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the 
Reference Entity. Accordingly, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to the Reference Entity, this will not 
result in full or partial redemption of such Notes; however, such Notes will cease to accrue Contingent 
Interest (in full or in part) as detailed below. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the relevant Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) will cease from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" is

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
66 
 
applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will cease to 
accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted 
in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published 
or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting 
to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable, had occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise 
occurred and where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming 
that fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods.  
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will otherwise 
continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note unaffected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to occur of 
any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. In respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Non-Contingent Interest will also continue to be payable in full on the 
Notes. Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest 
rate.Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
67 
 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession date the 
sovereign and/or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit 
Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Volatile Prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
(a) the actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any 
guarantors or other supporters of its relevant obligations; (b) expected rates of recovery on obligations 
of the Reference Entity; (c) actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors; (d) the nature of 
each Reference Entity's outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and 
any guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has provided to other entities; (e) the 
contractually specified credit-related events with respect to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement 
of the Credit Linked Notes; (f) optionality that a party may have, such as the ability to select the 
obligations of a Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger 
settlement; (g) correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a 
basket or index, if applicable; (h) market liquidity; (i) the time remaining to the maturity; or (j) economic, 
financial, political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a Reference Entity or its 
outstanding obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial markets, including 
credit spreads in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit Linked Notes.  
Market liquidity  
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit 
Linked Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit 
Linked Note may be more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or Index Tranched Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the 
relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of 
instruments based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of 
instruments linked to standardised indices and terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference 
Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity's inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with 
exclusion from an index generally expected to result in diminished market liquidity. 
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially 
less market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term 
of a Credit Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that 
the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and 
resolutions which may have a negative effect on the value of and return on Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority 
of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. In making any 
determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the Calculation Agent may 
have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
 
68 
 
Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, the determination 
of the occurrence of an "Event Determination Date"), the Credit Linked Notes will be subject to the 
announcements, determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could affect the quantum and timing of payments 
of interest and principal on the Credit Linked Notes and may have negative effect on the value of and 
returns on the Credit Linked Notes 
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
or questions referred thereto 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules ("DC Rules") (which may be amended by a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) provide that eligible market participants may raise 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which have the power to make binding 
decisions on critical issues such as, without limitation, whether a Credit Event has occurred, whether 
there is a Successor to a Reference Entity, which obligations of a Reference Entity are deliverable, 
whether or not an auction will be held and on matters of contractual interpretation relevant to the credit 
derivatives market generally. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates has no duty to any investor to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. In addition, Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. A separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer 
institutions to serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees ("DC Member"), and 
investors will have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will change from time to time as the term of a member 
institution may expire or a member institution may be required to be replaced. Investors will have no 
control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees given the process is governed by the DC Rules. To the extent provided for in the Credit 
Linked Notes, the determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be final and 
binding with respect to specific matters set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, 
where relevant.  
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be obliged to inform investors of such updates 
as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor the matters under consideration by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations as such determinations may 
affect an investor's rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary's website, this will not impact 
any redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or Issuer. 
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. 
DC Members do not owe any duty to investors, and investors will be prevented from pursuing legal 
claims with respect to actions taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules. 
This equally applies to the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent and/or one or more of their affiliates if any 
of them is a DC Member. DC members have no duty to investigate, supplement or verify the accuracy 
of information on which a determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not obligated to follow previous determinations or to apply principles of interpretation 
such as those that might guide a court in interpreting contractual provisions. Therefore, investors should 
be aware that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee could reach a conflicting determination 
for a similar set of facts, which ma affect the Credit Linked Notes in a way that as not originally expected 
by investors.

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
 
69 
 
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event 
may be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to 
what constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs, 
amongst other events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the 
applicable time periods, then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain 
Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may 
evidence such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
information to another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference 
Entity, any underlying obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such 
party may be bound by or subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required 
information for verification may not be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality 
undertakings. Accordingly, there may be circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
may not be capable of trigger under the Credit Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, 
including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference 
Entity or the value of the underliers, will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could 
adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor's intended purpose, 
and the timing or amount of payments or deliveries.  
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, the amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the 
basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (available at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website)). In respect of specified obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an 
auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction 
process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the 
auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The 
administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the 
risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions.Where the only relevant Credit Event is a 
restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may occur with respect to the Reference Entity 
and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may be based on the price of one or more 
obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
 
70 
 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability 
criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible 
to accomplish under some circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified 
or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by 
the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or 
delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or 
permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which 
may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Applicable securities laws may restrict the ability of investors to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
and so investors should understand the terms of the obligation to ensure that they are able to take delivery 
of any such Deliverable Obligations. In addition, delivery expenses will be taken into account in 
determining the amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations to be delivered which may operate to reduce the amount of such Deliverable 
Obligations delivered and therefore the return on the investment. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any Delivery 
Expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are met, being (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
 
71 
 
discounted in accordance with applicable laws, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has 
an issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption 
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of any undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time, such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the relevant Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example,

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
 
72 
 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, 
any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which 
would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value 
that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the 
selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a particular 
determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred 
loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure 
to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by 
a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following 
a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations.  
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being 
materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Investors should note that Fixed Recovery Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly. 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly, will 
bear the loss of their principal. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be 
delivered or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. 
Obligations of differing maturities, currencies or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable 
insolvency law), among other characteristics, may diverge considerably in market value. Similar 
considerations apply where Auction Redemption applies given that the representative transaction that is 
priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations from a final list established by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders provide two way prices. 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred 
and the related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as 
at the relevant Scheduled Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors 
 
73 
 
to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved 
whether or not to convene to resolve any issue, or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as 
applicable, may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which 
may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or interest on 
the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to 
an investor. In such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with respect to redemption 
in relation to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor 
in connection with such tolling or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. Once 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide 
account details of its designee) or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the 
control of such Noteholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will be 
postponed until such time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to 
exist on the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's 
obligations to the investor will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or 
deemed discharge of payment pursuant will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (including for 
the purpose of General Condition 9 (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant Investors to any 
additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date  
Investors should note that an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
which would give rise to a redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the 
prescribed notice delivery period or post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, in some cases 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement Date as a result 
of requests submitted after the Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be 
convened to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be 
extended where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off 
Date with respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency 
Settlement Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In each of these 
circumstances, the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and investors 
should note that the final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such tolling 
or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. 
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different 
from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred. 
Certain DC resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date that has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations 
or the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors 
 
74 
 
reversing the economic impact for the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment 
payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the adjustment payment is payable and no accruals 
of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment and when 
making such adjustments, no further consent of the Noteholder shall be required. Noteholders should 
note that in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the Calculation Agent will not be required to 
take into account the reversal of a prior DC resolution or an Event Determination Date, where such 
reversal occurs more than a year after (x) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Event 
Determination Date or (y) the Event Determination Date, as applicable, and in such case, the Calculation 
Agent will not be required to make any adjustment payments to Noteholders.  
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the 
consent of the Noteholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which the 
Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable 
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or 
(y)  the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Any such amendment may affect the value of the return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent and one or more of its affiliates is a leading dealer in the credit derivatives market. 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and an auction is held in respect 
of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high probability that the 
Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any such auction. In such 
capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined pursuant to the 
auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests (on our 
own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect to the representative auction settled transaction and 
(ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to 
convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for purposes 
of the auction. In deciding whether to take any such action, or whether to act as a participating bidder in 
any auction, the Calculation Agent or one or more of its affiliates (as applicable) shall be under no 
obligation to consider the interests of any investors and the effects of their participation may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of a Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may also be a 
voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees responsible for 
determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, for the purposes of certain 
credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence the process and outcome 
of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities may also have an 
inherent conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions taken by such entities 
may also be adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates. In performing any 
duty under the DC Rules that govern the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no obligation 
however to consider the interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also have an 
interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may participate, together with other dealers, in the 
process or advisory committees by which the inflation index sponsor determines the composition of the 
index CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations with respect to the index, including 
the removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the index CDS or to determine changes 
in the composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may also participate and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap industry generally. 
By virtue of such participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the Dealer, the 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests 
of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that the activities of the Issuer,

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors 
 
75 
 
the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates as described herein may present 
a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates' 
obligations and the interests of an investor under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and information in relation to 
Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may, now or in the 
future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments in a Reference Entity, 
engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any other person or entity 
having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or otherwise extend credit 
to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business, including 
asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition or bankruptcy-related 
advisory services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may 
also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that may affect the Credit Linked Note and any 
reference obligations. In such circumstances, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or 
their respective affiliates may act with respect to such dealings, business and advisory freely and without 
accountability to any investor in the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, and any 
such action might have an adverse effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that 
might give rise to a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may be, whether by virtue of 
the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in 
relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material in the context 
of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or Noteholders. The 
Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Noteholders any such relationship or 
information (whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or information may 
have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities 
or any direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of 
any investor for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt 
obligations of a Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other 
distributions from a Reference Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of a Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of 
a Reference Entity, it may exercise its voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder 
of such obligations without regard to the interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect 
the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. Consequently, the investor's purchase of the Credit Linked 
Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a 
Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the 
subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer 
in addition does not grant any security interest over any such obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize 
value or protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices 
to investors by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that 
describes a succession together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or 
valued, certain potential Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilise 
parallel auctions in the case of certain restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, 
the provision of a Deliverable Obligation Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or 
appropriate steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take

--- Page 76 ---
Risk Factors 
 
76 
 
action pursuant to such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time 
periods could adversely affect an investor's interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or 
alter the period during which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided 
by the Issuer. Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Fiscal Agent, investors should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant notices or 
any decision by any of them not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the investor 
shall not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should further note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, 
such notices shall be deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall 
not affect however (i) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and/or the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or 
(iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to write 
down any aggregate principal notional of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with 
the relevant Credit Linked Conditions.  
Interpretation of terms  
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some 
instances, the views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions 
should be interpreted in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the 
consequences resulting from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit 
Linked Notes and result in unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other 
economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect 
certain determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different 
from the settlement currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency 
conversion. Investors should note that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction 
Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be 
set by the auction administrators prior to any auction final price determination date. In such 
circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate risk, which may have a negative 
effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and any investor. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act 
in its sole and absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute discretion, 
it is under no obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account for any 
profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations.  
Any determinations made or actions taken by the Calculation Agent may have a negative effect on the 
value of and return on the Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
Risk Factors 
 
77 
 
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected 
significantly by the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default 
correlation at that time, in addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled 
"Volatile Prices".  
Moreover, because of the difficulty of predicting the likelihood that a given number of Reference Entities 
will default, the value of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to "model risk" – i.e., 
the risk that the model used by a party will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable 
number of Reference Entities default, causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant 
losses for an investor. See "Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" below.  
Noteholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note relating 
to: (i) whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the 
determination of a Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference 
Entities; (ii) how events that result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and 
order in which defaulting Reference Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating 
to the designation of a Successor, may affect the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number 
and timing of defaults that are deemed to have occurred. 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, investors should note that they could be exposed to 
significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception of the credit quality of the 
underlying Reference Entities. The market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference 
Entities may be highly volatile and may change very rapidly following the availability of new 
information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled, "Credit Risk of the Reference Entity", 
"Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity", "Actions of Reference Entities " and 
"Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or 
regions"above and "Historical performance may not predict future performance and values may be 
published by parties not subject to regulation in the US, EEA or UK" under "Investment Considerations" 
below. Investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative 
of the market to which exposure is required. 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note 
which is based on a standardised index CDS and accordingly there may be no or a limited secondary 
market in such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference 
Entities included in an index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such 
as type of obligor (e.g., corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, 
Europe, Asia or emerging markets); and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). 
These characteristics may be relevant to the probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events 
may be more likely for Reference Entities with certain of these characteristics than for others. The 
market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and 
may change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The market for index CDSs has 
been subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the actions of one or a 
small number of market participants that may take large positions in an index CDS. These distortions 
have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and 
potentially unsustainable divergence between the market price of index CDSs and the price that would

--- Page 78 ---
Risk Factors 
 
78 
 
be expected based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates' trading activities 
may represent a significant portion of the market for particular index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility 
and distortions. Accordingly, investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with 
respect to the index CDS which could have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.  
Given that the risks of an index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying 
Reference Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the 
index CDS referenced in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives 
and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand 
that the Reference Entities in an index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade 
rated only at inception of the index or relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may 
be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular 
index CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for 
example, every six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may 
decline for a given index CDS when a new series of the index is published. 
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an index 
CDS based on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates may be one of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could 
affect the published spread or price. In addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or 
more of their respective affiliates may participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory 
committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index CDS and makes certain 
other determinations with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference 
obligations from the index CDS. In taking any such actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests of any investor 
under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the index CDS and therefore also adversely affect 
the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable. See also Potential conflicts of interest" above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will 
not early redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity 
merges with or makes a substantial asset transfer to the other. 
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses 
exceed the "attachment point" but remain less than the "detachment point" of the tranche. The likelihood 
that an investor will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those 
with a lower attachment point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable (other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur 
losses on an accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any 
payment for losses unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but 
investors will be exposed to losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the 
portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied 
notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree of leverage (except with respect to the most 
senior tranches). For any given portfolio of Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the 
greater the leverage, the greater the risk for the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. 
However, this does not mean that the most senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.

--- Page 79 ---
Risk Factors 
 
79 
 
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled "Volatile 
Prices" but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by expectations about 
"default correlation," among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation refers to the likelihood 
of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any given time period. 
Changes in default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In general, from the 
perspective of an investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other factors constant: 
(a) a decrease in default correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche (i.e., the tranche 
with the lowest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected probability of 
losses on that tranche; (b) an increase in default correlation will decrease the value of the most senior 
tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the 
expected probability of losses on that tranche; and (c) any increase or decrease in default correlation may 
either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine tranches (i.e., tranches between the most junior and 
most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced 
by numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic 
regions and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). 
Default correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of 
economic growth. Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection 
seller than the most junior tranches, the most senior tranches will tend to lose value from the perspective 
of the protection seller at a faster rate than the most junior tranches during an economic downturn. In a 
downturn that widely affects the Reference Entities in a portfolio, a protection seller under a senior 
tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, in which case the senior tranche will prove 
to have been no less risky than junior tranches. Default correlation may change significantly, and in some 
cases abruptly, with changes in market conditions. 
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different 
ways and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. 
Accordingly, the valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to "model risk" (i.e., the risk that a 
valuation model does not accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche 
values) which may result in significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations 
between the values of tranches break down. 
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference 
Entities, as applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. 
These changes may affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio 
and, therefore, the value of such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for 
an investment in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised index CDS. 
Accordingly, the valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be 
more complex and introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes - adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the creation of a "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Note" having economic terms as closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed 
following exercise in accordance with the terms of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
amendment may adversely affect investors.

--- Page 80 ---
Risk Factors 
 
80 
 
Risks relating to Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the obligations of a Reference Entity incorporated in or from a local 
access jurisdiction. An investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such 
jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a 
developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to 
rapid change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access 
nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes, 
government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect 
adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic 
instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the 
obligation(s) of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign exchange 
markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
which may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference 
Asset, or which may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value 
for such Reference Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the 
possibility of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to 
and in combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including 
those resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may 
significantly affect (a) the value of, and (b) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of 
which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and 
prices may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may 
be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the 
ability of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference 
Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the "Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly 
to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference

--- Page 81 ---
Risk Factors 
 
81 
 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists then any 
payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial investment or, in the case of redemption 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may be greater than if the investor were to 
hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" and "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms and if the Calculation Agent determines that there would be an Interest Tax 
Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of amounts that would be 
received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any relevant payment 
of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to an investor 
shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction

--- Page 82 ---
Risk Factors 
 
82 
 
Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Investors may therefore receive less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
An Underlying RMB Currency Event refers to the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date 
of an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, Underlying RMB Non-transferability or Underlying RMB 
Illiquidity (each, as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions). If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and if such event occurs, the Issuer may opt to 
postpone any payment in RMB due under the Local Access Credit Linked Notes a later date (being 10 
Business Days following the date on which such Underlying RMB Currency Event ceases to exist any 
date thereafter that would be commercially reasonable). Alternatively, the Issuer may replace its 
obligation to pay in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency converted 
using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. Investors may therefore receive a 
late payment or depending on the conversion rate applies, a payment less than the anticipated amount(s) 
due in respect of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks specific to Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index CDS and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the Reference Entities included in the 
index underlying the index CDS (the "component CDSs"). Where the Issuer is the protection seller 
under the index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of 
the combined positions reflects the difference (the "skew") between the value of the index CDS and the 
aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction 
is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment 
Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due 
from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting. 
The value of an index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the index CDS 
the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) 
factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, inter alia, the difference between the pricing 
of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early, 
a termination payment would be determined in respect of each constituent transaction within the relevant 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result in an amount 
being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount (as the case may be) due to Noteholders being reduced further if the Issuer is required to make 
a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if the Issuer is subject 
to further Unwind Costs.

--- Page 83 ---
Risk Factors 
 
83 
 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the 
extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor 
website). 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under this Base Prospectus. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Risks relating to Inverse Floating Rate Notes  
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a specified reference rate 
(which may be a rate determined by reference to the Floating Rate Note provisions, the CMS Interest 
Linked Note provisions or the Spread Note provisions as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The 
market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the 
interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further 
adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
New York Law Notes which pay interest at a variable rate 
Any tranche of New York Law Notes with an aggregate principal amount of less than U.S.$2,500,000 is 
subject to usury limits which limit the amount of interest which may be paid on such Notes. In addition 
to any maximum interest rate that may be applicable to any Notes which pay interest at a variable rate, 
the interest rate on such Notes will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by the law of 
the State of New York. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum rate of interest under 
provisions of the New York penal law, with a few exceptions, is 25 per cent. per annum on a simple 
interest basis. 
Range Accrual Notes 
Range Accrual Notes have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is determined by reference 
to the number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more accrual condition(s) are 
satisfied. An accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the relevant reference observation 
is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(e) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; and  
(f) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.

--- Page 84 ---
Risk Factors 
 
84 
 
A reference observation may specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a single reference rate, (ii) a 
basket of two or more reference rates, (iii) the difference between two reference rates, (iv) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates or (v) a currency exchange rate.  
The interest rate of Range Accrual Notes may be a rate equal to or calculated by reference to a specified 
fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate or a CMS swap rate (or if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates).  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Therefore, Range Accrual Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments and 
may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" apply, where 
the accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 
100 per cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even 
if the relevant accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Spread Notes 
Spread Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to any of:  
(a) 
one (1) minus the result of a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or  
(b) 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or 
(c) 
the lesser of: (i) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, and (ii) the sum of: 
(A) a specified percentage rate per annum, and (B) the product of (I) a multiplier, and (II) the 
difference between two specified spread rates, 
and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by 
an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate.  
Therefore, Spread Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments and may 
pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Volatility Bond Notes 
Volatility Bond Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to the absolute value of a specified 
volatility bond rate 1 minus a specified volatility bond rate 2 all, plus or minus a margin (if specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). Each of the specified volatility bond rates referred to above may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate, 
each of which may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS interest rate or a forward rate.  
Therefore, Volatility Bond Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments 
and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period.  
If the "Shout Option" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following valid exercise 
of the Shout Option for a relevant interest period by all the Noteholders, the reference rate(s) comprising 
volatility bond rate 1 shall be determined by reference to the implied forward rate for such reference 
rate(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the date on which the Shout Option is exercised. The 
reference rate(s) so determined may result in less interest being paid in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period if the relevant implied forward rate(s) determined on the relevant date are less than the spot 
reference rate(s) which would have been used for the determination of volatility bond rate 1 had the 
Shout Option not been exercised.

--- Page 85 ---
Risk Factors 
 
85 
 
In addition, the Shout Option may only be exercised by the Noteholders of all the notes outstanding on 
the relevant date. If the Shout Option is exercised by less than all the Noteholders on the relevant date, 
any such exercise shall not be valid and the Shout Option shall not be validly exercised. This may result 
in you receiving less interest you would have received had such option been validly exercised by all the 
Noteholders. 
Digital Notes 
Digital Notes have an interest rate which will either be: 
(a) 
the specified back up rate; or  
(b) 
if the specified digital reference rate as of the relevant interest determination date is either, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less 
than or (iv) less than or equal to the specified reserve rate, the specified digital rate.  
Each of the rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (a) a fixed rate or (b) a rate determined 
by reference to the Floating Rate Note provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Note provisions, the Spread 
Note provisions or FX Rate Conditions. Therefore, Digital Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, 
can be volatile instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Digital Band Notes 
Digital Band Notes have an interest rate (which may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a 
CMS interest rate or a rate equal to one specified rate (which may be a floating interest rate or a CMS 
interest rate) minus another specified rate (which may be a floating interest rate or a CMS interest rate)) 
which will be determined in relation to an interest period by reference to within which band either, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
the specified reference rate falls; or  
(b) 
the result of one specified reference rate minus another specified reference rate falls.  
Each of the specified reference rates referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above may be a rate determined 
by reference to the Floating Rate Note provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Note provisions or FX Rate 
Conditions. 
The interest rate for the interest period will be equal to the rate specified as the band rate for the 
appropriate band within which, in the case of (a) the reference rate falls or, in the case of (b) the result of 
one specified rate minus another specified rate falls. In addition, different reference rates may apply in 
respect of different interest periods and interest payment dates. 
Therefore, Digital Band Notes are subject to the performance of, in the case of (a) the reference rate or, 
in the case of (b) the result of one reference rate minus another reference rate and, as any relevant 
reference rate is a variable interest rate, the Digital Band Notes may be volatile instruments and may pay 
limited or no interest in respect of an interest period.  
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to a formula similar to the 
determination of a forward rate which aims to provide exposure to specified rate(s) through the formula 
and to provide a higher return than by providing exposure directly to such specified rate(s). However, 
there is no guarantee that such Notes will achieve the expected return. In addition, such Notes may be 
subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Each of the specified rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified rate, (ii) 
the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate which, in 
each case, may be (a) a fixed rate or (b) a rate determined by reference to the Floating Rate Note 
provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Note provisions.

--- Page 86 ---
Risk Factors 
 
86 
 
Therefore, Synthetic Forward Rate Notes may be subject to variable interest rate, can be volatile 
instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes are Notes which have an interest rate (a "Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate") determined from a previous coupon reference rate, plus or minus a margin (if specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). The previous coupon reference rate for an interest period is a rate equal to: (a) 
the interest rate for the immediately preceding interest period and/or interest payment date (such rate, a 
"Previous Coupon", such period, a "Preceding Interest Period" and such payment date, "Preceding 
Payment Date"), (b) plus or minus a specified rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms) multiplied 
by an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and (c) plus or minus another 
specified rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms) multiplied by an interest participation rate (if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The Previous Coupon for a Preceding Interest Period and/or 
Preceding Payment Date (as applicable) is the interest rate determined in accordance with the interest 
basis applicable to such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date, which may be the 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate determined for the Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding 
Payment Date where the interest basis applicable to such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding 
Payment Date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as Previous Coupon Linked Notes. 
The Previous Coupon for a Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date (as applicable) may 
also be a fixed interest rate (if the applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or 
Preceding Payment Date is Fixed Rate Notes), floating interest rate (if the applicable interest basis for 
such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date is Floating Rate Notes), a CMS interest 
rate (if the applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date is 
CMS Interest Linked Notes) or any other rate of interest determined in accordance with the applicable 
interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or such Preceding Payment Date. 
A specified rate may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS interest rate or any other 
reference rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. Previous Coupon Linked Notes may therefore also be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, CMS Interest Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Digital 
Notes, Spread Notes and/or Volatility Bond Notes and/or Synthetic Forward Rate Notes (or any 
combination of the foregoing). 
Therefore, Previous Coupon Linked Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile 
instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
FX Performance Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "FX Performance Note Provisions" to be applicable, the 
interest rate otherwise determined in accordance with the relevant interest provisions in respect of an 
interest period/interest payment date (an actual coupon rate) will be adjusted to reflect changes in a 
specified currency exchange rate by applying the "performance" of the relevant currency exchange rate 
(being (i) either a specified amount or a specified currency exchange rate or the currency exchange rate 
on a specified date (e.g. the trade date) divided by (ii) either a specified amount or a specified currency 
exchange rate or the currency exchange rate on a different specified date (e.g. a specified FX performance 
valuation date for the relevant interest period/interest payment date)) to such actual coupon rate.  
This will mean that you are exposed to fluctuations in the specified currency exchange rate which may 
operate to reduce the interest rate for the relevant interest period/interest payment date. 
Reserve Coupon Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Note Provisions" to be applicable, if the 
interest rate otherwise determined in accordance with the relevant interest provisions in respect of an 
interest period/interest payment date (an actual coupon rate) is greater than the reserve coupon rate 
specified for the relevant interest period/interest payment date in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the 
Interest Rate for the relevant interest period/interest payment date shall be capped at the reserve coupon

--- Page 87 ---
Risk Factors 
 
87 
 
rate and (ii) the amount by which such actual coupon rate exceeds the reserve coupon rate shall be carried 
over to "top up" the rate of interest for any succeeding interest periods/interest payment dates for which 
the actual coupon rate is less than the reserve coupon rate, PROVIDED THAT the Interest Rate for any 
succeeding interest period/interest payment date (other than the final interest period and/or interest 
payment date to which the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions apply) shall not exceed the reserve coupon 
rate. 
This may mean that, for certain interest periods, the amount of interest payable will be less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payable had the cap not been applied. 
Global Interest Cap Notes 
Where the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions are specified to be applicable, the total amount of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall not be greater than the cap amount. If, in respect of an interest 
payment date, the total amount of interest paid in respect of the Notes prior to the application of the 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions (and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the FX 
Performance Note Provisions) is greater than such amount, the interest amount payable in respect of such 
interest payment date shall be capped such that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes in respect of each interest payment date up to (and including) the relevant interest payment date 
does not exceed the cap amount and no further interest will be payable in respect of the Notes after such 
date.  
This will decrease the amount that would have been payable had such cap not been applied and will result 
in no interest being paid in respect of the Notes after the cap has been reached. This will also adversely 
affect the secondary market value of the Notes compared to the value of comparable notes in the market 
which do not have this feature. 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
If a Noteholder holding all of the outstanding Notes of a Series of Restructure Interest Rate Notes makes 
a valid request that the Issuer restructure the interest basis relating to such Notes and it accepts the 
Restructure Rate (which may be a fixed, floating or variable rate) proposed by the Issuer, the interest 
basis of such Notes will be changed for the relevant interest period(s) and/or interest payment dates. If 
so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a fee may be payable by the Noteholder in respect of the 
relevant restructuring. 
You should note that any Restructure Rate provided by the Issuer will be determined in its discretion 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and that, as any Restructure Rate may only be accepted at 
the time provided by the Issuer which will be prior to the interest period(s) and/or interest payment dates 
to which it will apply, the Noteholder cannot be certain at the time of acceptance whether such 
Restructure Rate will be higher or lower than the Interest Rate that would otherwise have applied under 
the Notes. 
In addition, in respect of Notes for which there is a Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances, 
you should also note that it is only possible for a valid Restructure Rate request and a valid Restructure 
Rate acceptance to be given by the Sole Noteholder where the maximum number of acceptances has not 
already been given and that this may already have been given by any prior Sole Noteholder(s). 
Notes with variable or changeable interest rates or which include a multiplier or other leverage factor  
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features.  
Notes may have, at the option of the Issuer, (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switcher Option" 
applies), or shall have (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" 
or "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" applies), more than one interest basis applicable to different 
interest periods and/or interest payment dates. See "Switcher Option" and "Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis" below.

--- Page 88 ---
Risk Factors 
 
88 
 
Such Notes may also be Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes, DIR Inflation Linked Notes, CMS 
Interest Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Digital Notes, Digital Band 
Notes, Spread Notes, Volatility Bond Notes, Synthetic Forward Rate Notes and/or Previous Coupon 
Linked Notes (or any combination of the foregoing). 
Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
Switcher Option 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switcher Option" to be applicable, the Notes may bear interest at 
a rate that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another specified rate (the 
"Second Rate"). Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. The Second Rate may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Notes linked to the same reference rate. In addition, the Second Rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from one interest basis to another 
interest basis, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable for the relevant 
Notes, the interest basis in respect of the Notes will change on the occurrence of one or more lock-in 
event(s) as provided therein. The interest basis that would apply following the occurrence of the relevant 
lock-in event(s) (the "changed interest basis") may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Notes linked to the same reference rate(s). In addition, the changed interest basis at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
A "lock-in event" will occur if, in respect of a lock-in determination date, the specified lock-in reference 
observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified lock-in barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified lock-in barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified lock-in barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified lock-in barrier. 
A lock-in reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate, (iv) a Relevant Spread Rate, (v) a Spread 
Reference Rate or (vi) an FX Rate.  
A lock-in barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread 
Reference Rate, (vii) an FX Rate, (viii) the sum of more than one rate or (ix) one rate minus another rate. 
Dual Currency Notes 
If the Notes are Dual Currency Notes, then amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be determined 
by converting all amounts due under the Notes from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant 
Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant specified 
valuation date. In such circumstances, amounts that you receive in respect of the Notes are also linked to 
the performance of the Underlying which is the exchange rate used for such conversions.  
This will mean that you are exposed to fluctuations in the specified currency exchange rate which may 
operate to reduce the amounts payable in respect of the Notes and you should therefore also have regard

--- Page 89 ---
Risk Factors 
 
89 
 
to the risk factors relating to Notes linked to a currency exchange rate as set out above (in particular the 
risk factor entitled "Risks associated with Notes linked to currency exchange rates"). 
Notes subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Notes provide any that amounts payable are subject to a cap, your ability to 
participate in any change in the value of the relevant interest rates and/or Underlying(s) over the term of 
the Notes will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other applicable value of the relevant 
interest rates and/or Underlying(s) increases in a way which would otherwise operate to increase the 
relevant amount payable to more than the cap level. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Notes may 
be significantly less than if the cap had not applied or you had purchased another product not subject to 
a cap. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall" 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Issue Terms will specify what constitutes the relevant "Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" and, 
following satisfaction of such Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Event shall occur, the Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become 
payable and no further amount shall be payable in respect of such Notes after the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date. In this case, you are subject to a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace 
your investment in such Notes with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the 
relevant Notes. 
If any Notes are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited to 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or any 
other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will not benefit from any 
movement in the value of relevant Underlying(s) or other reference factors relating to the Notes that may 
occur during the period between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Where the "Rollerball MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date in respect of which the relevant rollerball 
reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified rollerball barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified rollerball barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified rollerball barrier. 
A rollerball reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate or (iv) an FX Rate.

--- Page 90 ---
Risk Factors 
 
90 
 
A rollerball barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) an FX Rate, (vi) the sum of more 
than one rate or (vii) one rate minus another rate. 
Where the "TARN MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date on which the total interest payable in respect 
of the Notes (including the interest payable in respect of the interest payment date falling on or about 
such mandatory early redemption date) is equal to or greater than, the TARN Rate specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified to be an amount which is greater than your 
initial investment in the Notes, then you should note that you will lose all or part of your investment.

--- Page 91 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
91 
 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
General 
Before investing in any Notes you should determine whether an investment in such Notes is appropriate 
in your particular circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers to 
determine the consequences of an investment in such Notes and to arrive at your own evaluation of the 
investment. In particular, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor recommend that you take 
independent tax advice before committing to purchase any Notes. None of the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of investing in 
any Notes rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ from jurisdiction to 
jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local taxes or other 
similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the Notes. 
An investment in Notes is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Notes; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Notes for an indefinite period of 
time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Notes for a substantial period of time, if at 
all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Notes and as to whether the investment in 
the relevant Notes is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice 
from such advisers as you may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or 
oral) of the Issuer, and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their 
respective officers or agents as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in Notes, it being 
understood that information and explanations related to Notes shall not be considered to be investment 
advice or a recommendation to invest in Notes. No communication (written or oral) received from the 
Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers 
or agents shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in 
Notes. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of Notes 
Any Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates 
may enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's and/or, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor's obligations under an issue of Notes and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee but are not required to do so. If they do so, any Issuer and/or the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such affiliate will have certain rights under such 
hedging arrangements and may pursue actions and take steps that they deem appropriate to protect their 
own interests under such hedging arrangements without regard to the consequences for Noteholders. You 
will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under any such hedging arrangements and any such 
hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Noteholders and will constitute 
separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any 
such affiliate. 
If you intend to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the particular 
Underlying(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the 
value of the relevant Notes may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Due 
to fluctuating supply and demand for Notes, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with 
movements of the Underlying(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or

--- Page 92 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
92 
 
liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant Underlying, and 
you may suffer a loss accordingly. 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of Notes (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on the value 
of and return on the investment. If you consider leveraging an issue of Notes, you should obtain further 
detailed information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Notes. The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, 
criteria, models and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the relevant Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or 
qualified by the rating agency at any time. If the ratings on any Notes are reduced, withdrawn or qualified, 
it could adversely affect the liquidity or the market value of such Notes.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. 
In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will 
impact the ratings on Notes or the rating of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating an issue of Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may 
have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, United 
Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the 
Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in United Kingdom regulated investors 
selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated FCA list.

--- Page 93 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
93 
 
Information relating to the current ratings of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGML is available at 
www.citigroup.com.Historical performance may not predict future performance and values may 
be published by parties not subject to regulation in the US, EEA or UK 
In recent years, prices for various Underlyings have been highly volatile and such volatility may be 
expected in the future. However, fluctuations in rates, levels or prices of Underlyings that have occurred 
in the past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Notes 
linked to such Underlyings.  
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by third parties or 
entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the EEA or the United 
Kingdom. 
In addition, individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of 
similar entities and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference 
Entities. Historical default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events or Risk 
Events, as applicable, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes 
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Notes at any time prior to 
the relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. 
The difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered, 
as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the Notes. The "time value" of 
the Notes will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and expectations 
concerning the value of any Underlying(s).  
Notes pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Notes varies as the 
price or level of any Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, 
including (i) the trading price of the relevant Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of any Underlying(s), 
(iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the probable range of the Redemption 
Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) 
in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of any Underlying(s) and (viii) any 
related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original 
purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks 
The fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25 in respect of Reference 
Rates and Benchmarks apply as follows: 
USD LIBOR: 
 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify USD LIBOR 
to be applicable in respect of the Notes, Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (the "USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions") shall apply. 
 
A Benchmark Transition Event occurs with respect to a USD Benchmark (which could be USD 
LIBOR or the relevant Benchmark Replacement) where there has been a public statement or 
publication of information by, amongst others, the administrator of the USD Benchmark which 
states that the administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, or by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent cannot determine the relevant USD 
Benchmark by interpolating from other tenors of the USD Benchmark, the next-available

--- Page 94 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
94 
 
alternative under the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions will apply to replace the relevant USD 
Benchmark in respect of the Notes. In order, these replacement alternatives are as follows: 
(a) 
the replacement rate shall be the applicable fallback reference rate as determined by 
the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), together with an 
adjustment; 
(b) 
if a) is not available, if a form of Term SOFR has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such Term SOFR, 
together with an adjustment; 
(c) 
if a) and b) are not available, if a form of compounded SOFR has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body or alternatively the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent , then the replacement rate shall be such Compounded 
SOFR, together with an adjustment; 
(d) 
if a), b) and c) are not available, if an alternate rate of interest has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be 
such alternate rate, together with an adjustment;  
(e) 
if a), b). c) and d) are not available, then the replacement rate shall be as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, together with an adjustment. 
 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent has powers to make conforming changes to the 
terms of the Notes as it decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the replacement 
rate, and to determine a USD Benchmark to apply in respect of the Notes on an interim basis. 
For related risks see "Interest on Notes linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a 
Benchmark Replacement selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent if a 
Benchmark Transition Event occurs" above. 
Reference Rates: 
 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate 
to be applicable in respect of the Notes, provided that the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions do 
not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 (the "Reference Rate Event Provisions") shall apply. 
 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (i) the Reference Rate has been or will be 
materially changed (a "Material Change Event Trigger"), has ceased or will cease to be 
provided permanently or indefinitely, or a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited 
or will prohibit the use of such Reference Rate in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation or 
similar in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result 
the Issuer or any other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their obligations under the Notes; (iii) unless 
the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" does not apply, it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions 
or changes in licensing costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor or sponsor, central bank for the 
currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with applicable responsibility formally 
states or publicises that the Reference Rate is no longer representative, or as of a specified future 
date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or 
economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure. 
 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will seek to determine a 
replacement Reference Rate as follows:

--- Page 95 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
95 
 
(a) 
if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating from other tenors 
of the relevant Reference Rate, then the replacement Reference Rate shall be such 
interpolated Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; 
(b) 
if a) is not available, if a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate has been specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and such rate is not subject to a Reference Rate Event, 
then the replacement Reference Rate shall be the pre-nominated replacement 
Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(c) 
if a) and b) are not available, then the replacement Reference Rate shall be an index, 
benchmark or other price source or rate which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, together with an adjustment. 
 
In the alternative and only in the event of a Material Change Event Trigger, the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine that no replacement Reference 
Rate is required or may adjust the term of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of such material change. Where applicable, if no such determination or 
adjustments are made, and if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement 
Reference Rate or calculate the relevant adjustment, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early.  
 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) has powers to make amendments 
to the terms of the Notes as it considers are necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect 
of the replacement Reference Rate, and to determine the level of the Reference Rate to apply in 
respect of the Notes on an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Notes linked to a 
Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) if a Reference Rate Event occurs" 
above. 
Benchmarks: 
 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, provided that the 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions and the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the 
relevant 
event 
or 
circumstance, 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2 
(the 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions") shall apply. 
 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the 
Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the 
Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, the Determination Agent (such agent the "Relevant Agent") determines that (i) a 
Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use is prohibited by a regulator or other 
official sector entity in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a 
relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the Issuer or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; (iii) unless 
the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" does not 
apply, it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially 
announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic 
reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
 
The Relevant Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, 
including, without limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. Alternatively and if 
applicable, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. For related risks see "Risks relating to the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above.

--- Page 96 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
96 
 
Rates as an Underlying: 
 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, provided that none of the USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event provisions apply to the relevant rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, 
the provisions of Underlying Schedule 2 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing 
Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted 
Day and the Substitute or Successor Rates provisions and the provisions relating to the 
consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall apply. For related risks, 
see "Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate" above. 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination: 
 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any of Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination to be 
applicable, provided that none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions 
apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1), Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(2) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3) (as the case may be) 
shall apply. 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear (as applicable), in each case as at the 
Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Determination Agent 
will determine the Screen Rate as follows: 
(a) 
if two or more offered quotations are provided by Reference Banks, then the Screen 
Rate for the relevant date or period shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations; 
(b) 
if a) is not available, if two more Reference Banks communicate rates at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, certain deposits, then the Screen Rate shall be the rate per annum 
which the Determination Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean of such rates; 
or 
(c) 
if a) and b) are not available, if one or more banks informs the Determination Agent 
that it is quoting, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, an offered rate or an arithmetic mean of offered rates for certain 
deposits to leading banks in the relevant Reference Rate Interbank Market, then the 
Screen Rate shall be such offered rate or such arithmetic mean of offered rates, as 
applicable; or 
(d) 
if a), b) and c) are not available, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Screen Rate shall be determined as such rate as is determined by the 
Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
 
Where USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the relevant Reference Rate 
cannot be determined, the Determination Agent will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
(a) 
if two or more offered quotations are provided by Reference Banks, then the Reference 
Rate for the relevant date or period will be the arithmetic average of such quotations; 
(b) 
if a) is not available, if three or more New York City banks selected by the 
Determination Agent quote certain rates to leading European banks at approximately

--- Page 97 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
97 
 
11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the 
Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be the arithmetic average of such 
rates; or 
(c) 
if a) and b) are not available, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be such rate as is 
determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA 
Rate cannot be determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions , 
the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, 
however, that even though relevant fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the 
terms of the ISDA Determination itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback 
provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25 apply then these prior ranking 
fallback provisions will be applied first, meaning that any fallback provisions included as part 
of the ISDA Determination itself may not apply. 
 
For related risks, see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined by reference 
to third party banks or in the Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's (as applicable) 
discretion or by alternative methods" above. 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) or SOFR Floating Rate Determination: 
 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index 
Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) and/or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the 
Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or 
circumstance, the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(i), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(ii) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i)(5)(iii) (as the case may be) shall apply. 
 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors on a relevant day, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such 
day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (A) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (B) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in

--- Page 98 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
98 
 
order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. For related risks, see 
"If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined by reference to third party banks 
or in the Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's (as applicable) discretion or by 
alternative methods" above. 
 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant 
SONIA Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, 
has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any 
successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the 
relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be the last such value provided for the 
SOFR or SOFR Index as applicable. 
Cessation or Non-Representativeness of LIBOR 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the authorised and regulated 
administrator of LIBOR, announced its intention to cease the publication of all 35 LIBOR settings on 31 
December 2021, or for certain US dollar LIBOR settings, on 30 June 2023 (the "IBA Announcement"). 
The IBA notified the FCA of its intention and on the same date, the FCA published an announcement on 
the future cessation and loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmarks (the "FCA 
Announcement"). The FCA Announcement states that all 35 LIBOR maturities and currencies will 
either cease to be published by any administrator or will no longer be representative as follows: 
(i) 
all 7 euro LIBOR settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month 
and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month 
sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease to 
be published immediately after 31 December 2021;   
(ii) 
the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be published immediately 
after 30 June 2023;   
(iii) 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 
6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be representative immediately after 31 
December 2021; and  
(iv) 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings will no longer be representative 
immediately after 30 June 2023.  
The IBA Announcement was expressed to be subject to the exercise by the FCA of its proposed new 
powers (which are included in proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to require IBA 
to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as a 'synthetic' 
basis).  
Pursuant to the FCA Announcement, the FCA has indicated it will consult or continue consulting on 
using its proposed new powers to require IBA to continue the publication on a 'synthetic' basis of the 1-
month, 3-month, 6-month sterling LIBOR and Japanese yen LIBOR for a further period after the end of 
2021, and will continue to consider the case for requiring IBA to continue publication of the 1-month, 3-
month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings for a further period after the end of June 2023, taking into 
account views and evidence from the US authorities and other stakeholders.

--- Page 99 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
99 
 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and 
Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and its 
businesses over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face 
ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America 
("U.S.") and globally. While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes 
facing Citigroup Inc. are too numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited 
to (i) potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the U.S. federal 
government and other governments, including as a result of the new U.S. presidential administration, 
regulatory leadership and Congress or in response to the pandemic; (ii) potential changes to various 
aspects of the regulatory capital framework and requirements applicable to Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) the 
future legislative and regulatory framework resulting from the United Kingdom's ("U.K.") exit from the 
European Union ("EU"), including, among others, with respect to financial services. When referring to 
"regulatory", Citigroup Inc. is including both formal regulation and the views and expectations of its 
regulators in their supervisory roles. 
Ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.'s and its management's 
long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to change and 
potentially more costly. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue to discuss 
various changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment by 
management as to the impact to Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. For example, while 
the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms and revised market risk framework have been finalised at the 
international level, there remain significant uncertainties with respect to the integration of these revisions 
into the U.S. regulatory capital framework. Business planning is required to be based on possible or 
proposed rules or outcomes, which can change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon implementation 
or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance can change. 
Moreover, U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken 
or implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop 
with respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even 
conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European 
Commission adopted, as part of Capital Requirements Directive V, a new requirement for major banking 
groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish an intermediate 
EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly meaning banks, 
broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. While in some respects the requirement 
mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking organizations to form U.S. intermediate 
holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company requirement could lead to additional 
complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.'s resolution planning, capital and liquidity allocation and 
efficiency in various jurisdictions. Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased 
Citigroup Inc.'s compliance risks and costs. 
Green Bonds 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of specific Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Notes to fund, in whole or in part, the 
financing or refinancing of "Eligible Green Assets", which refers to loans and/or investments made by 
entities within the Group for assets or projects that meet the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria (as specified 
in the Green Bond Framework) of the Group in accordance with its Green Bond Framework where the 
use of such funds supports the sustainable progress strategy of the Group (Green Bonds).  You should 
make your own independent decision to invest in Green Bonds and as to whether an investment in such 
Notes is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and investment 
criteria or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Green Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Green Bond Framework (the Green Bond Framework) for securities 
issuances in order to finance projects that contribute to climate change mitigation as well as projects that 
promote sustainable infrastructure. The below description is based on the Green Bond Framework as at

--- Page 100 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
100 
 
the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Green Bond Framework may be amended or updated from 
time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Green Bond Framework 
which 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Group's 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/green_bonds.htm) and the applicable Issue Terms for 
information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Bond Framework has received a Second Party Opinion 
by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to 
any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond 
Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Eligible Green Projects 
The Green Bond Eligibility Criteria specified in the Green Bond Framework reflect good practices for 
supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy through projects in one or more of the following areas 
(or any other eligible area described in the applicable Issue Terms) (Eligible Green Projects): 
 
Renewable energy: proceeds may be allocated towards the acquisition, development, operation 
and maintenance of new and ongoing renewable energy activities, including related costs. 
 
Energy efficiency: proceeds may be allocated towards the financing or refinancing of warehouse 
facilities for residential energy efficiency loans or consumer finance companies that provide 
residential energy efficiency loans for projects or assets that reduce energy consumption or 
mitigate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
 
Sustainable transportation: proceeds may be allocated towards building or operating mass 
transit and creating or constructing infrastructure to support mass transit. 
 
Water quality and conservation: proceeds may be allocated towards projects that improve water 
quality, efficiency and conservation. 
 
Green building: proceeds may be allocated towards financing of existing or new construction / 
renovation of residential and commercial buildings that earn certain efficiency and 
environmental certifications. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (Exclusionary Criteria) for the use of proceeds 
from the sale of Green Bonds (for example, certain large-scale hydropower plans, nuclear power plants 
and fossil fuel projects) and commits itself to not knowingly being involved in financing any such 
projects or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Green Bond Asset Portfolio and Management of Proceeds 
Under the Green Bond Framework, the Group will maintain a single pool for Eligible Green Assets (the 
Green Bond Asset Portfolio). If the investment by any entity within the Group in any asset in the Green 
Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria, the 
asset will be removed from the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group's Green Bond Asset Working Group (the GBA Working Group) is responsible for 
supervising the Green Bond Asset Portfolio and the aggregate amount of Green Bonds issued by entities 
within the Group with the aim of ensuring that the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio 
is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by such Green Bonds. For this purpose, the 
aggregate size and maturity of the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If for any reason 
the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the aggregate amount of Green 
Bonds issued, the unallocated amount will be held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid

--- Page 101 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
101 
 
marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in the liquidity portfolio of the Group until 
the amount can be allocated towards the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
Under the Green Bond Framework, a report (the Green Bond Report) will be published by the Group 
on its website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/green_bonds.htm) within a year from any 
issuance of any Green Bonds which will be renewed annually until full allocation and in case of any 
material changes. You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in 
particular Green Bonds as to the Green Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Green Bond Report will give details of (i) the total amount of assets in the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio and the total outstanding amount raised by Green Bond issuances; (ii) the eligible assets within 
the Green Bond Asset Portfolio along with the Issuer’s financial commitments to each asset; (iii) the total 
amount of unallocated proceeds, if any; and (iv) environmental impacts of the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio to the extent it is practical to do so. Any such report is only current as of the date that report 
was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. 
Under the Green Bond Framework, the Issuer has also engaged external independent accountants to 
review that the assets included in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio meet the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria 
and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary Criteria and that the aggregate amount in 
the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by Green Bonds 
(or, to the extent the total amount of the outstanding bonds is less than the aggregate amount in Green 
Bond Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in the Green Bond Framework). 
Any review report is only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself 
the relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own 
investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Report nor the report of any third party is, or shall 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
The Group has developed a Social Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the Social Bond 
Framework) for securities issuances in order to finance projects that contribute to affordable and 
supportive housing. The below description is based on the Social Bond Framework as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. However, the Social Bond Framework may be amended or updated from time to time 
and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social Bond Framework which will be 
available on the Group's website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/housing_bonds.htm) and 
the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
Social Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Social Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the Social Bond 
Framework) for securities issuances in order to finance projects that contribute to affordable and 
supportive housing. The Social Bond Framework may be amended or updated from time to time and you 
should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social Bond Framework which will be available 
on the Group's website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/housing_bonds.htm).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Social Bond Framework has received a Second Party Opinion 
by an independent consultant as detailed therein. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Social Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to 
any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Social Bond

--- Page 102 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
102 
 
Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio and Management of Proceeds 
Under the Social Bond Framework, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Social Bonds is allocated 
to finance or refinance a portion of the Group’s portfolio of affordable housing assets (the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio), which consist of selected eligible financing instruments which are used 
to finance the construction, rehabilitation and/or the preservation of quality affordable housing for low-
moderate income populations in the United States (the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria). If the 
investment in any asset in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no 
longer meets the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria, the asset will be removed from the Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group's Affordable Housing Bond Asset Working Group (the AFBA Working Group) is 
responsible for oversight of the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio and monitoring the aggregate 
amount of Social Bonds issued by entities within the Group with the aim of ensuring that the aggregate 
amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount 
raised by such Social Bonds. For this purpose, the continued eligibility and aggregate size of the 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If for any reason the aggregate amount 
in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the outstanding amount of Social Bonds 
issued, the unallocated amount will be held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable 
instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the amount can be allocated towards the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (Exclusionary Criteria) for the proceeds of the 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (for example, certain loans or investments for projects outside 
the United States, mortgage-backed securities and other derivatives, etc., all as further described in the 
Social Bond Framework) and commits itself to not knowingly be involved in financing any such projects 
or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Reporting 
Under the Social Bond Framework, a report (the Affordable Housing Bond Report) will be published 
by the Group on its website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/housing_bonds.htm) within a 
year from any issuance of the inaugural Social Bonds and which will cover all Social Bonds issued during 
the reporting period specified therein and any material changes in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio. You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular 
Social Bonds as to the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Affordable Housing Bond Report will provide information on (i) the total outstanding par amount 
of Social Bonds issued during the reporting period; (ii) the total outstanding amount of funded financial 
assets that comprise the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio; (iii) the total amount of unallocated 
proceeds, if any, assigned to cash, cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments; and (iv) 
social impacts of the Social Bonds by providing information about the housing properties associated with 
the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. Any such report is only current as of the date that report 
was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. 
Under the Social Bond Framework, the Issuer will also engage external independent accountants to 
review that the assets included in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio meet the Social Bond 
Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary Criteria and that the 
aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate amount raised by the issuance of Social Bonds (or, to the extent the total amount of the 
outstanding Social Bonds is less than the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in the Social Bond Framework). Any review

--- Page 103 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
103 
 
report is only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own 
investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Affordable Housing Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 104 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference and Available for Inspection and Supplements 
 
104 
 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND 
AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 105 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
105 
 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP 
INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC") on 26 February 2021 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K") which is published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202106/fc11ff33-fcdc-49c0-86de-e99c4ec50aae.pdf; 
(2) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
filed with the SEC on 5 May 2021 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/9565f7c1-c347-471e-bf98-
6e0d7c06394f.pdf; 
(3) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 9 October 2020 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K") in connection with an announcement of certain 
Consent Orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank N.A.5 A copy of the Citigroup Inc. 9 
October 2020 Form 8-K is published on the website of the Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/bdb3a802-c733-4449-9eba-
0f4397393a80.pdf; 
(4) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8ba9313d-84cd-4ff0-a42a-
5dba62f1d875.PDF?v=742015;  
(5) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 March 2014 (the "2013 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_190ac5cd-59ca-46be-b3dc-
a5962c379c1e.PDF?v=2112015;  
(6) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2014 (the "2014 Base Prospectus") which is published on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_ee474483-9539-45be-ac5c-
c963add2c123.PDF?v=532015;  
(7) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 1 December 2014 (the "2014 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_68c35972-1e7e-4d2b-8f33-
15eb8a3b5295.PDF?v=2112015;  
(8) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 10 August 2015 (the "10 August 2015 Base Prospectus") which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_32861db5-fe24-4e99-b996-
2b20d0850933.PDF?v=1492015;  
(9) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 16 November 2015 (the "2015 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_e9374c6f-7d97-4c81-afb0-
405538532c9a.PDF?v=2112015;  
                                                     
5  
On 7 October 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) issued Consent Orders with Citigroup Inc. and Citibank, N.A., respectively. 
The Consent Orders require that Citigroup Inc. and Citibank , N.A. submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve 
Board and the OCC relating principally to improvements in various aspects of risk management, compliance, data 
quality management and governance, and internal controls. Citibank, N.A. also entered into a Consent Order with the 
OCC to pay a civil money penalty of U.S.$400 million.

--- Page 106 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
106 
 
(10) the Rates Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2015 (the "21 December 2015 Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_79300e07-6ae0-4d78-83b0-
e40802dd59fd.PDF;  
(11) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 March 2016 (the "2015 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f14287b0-eaa6-4aa0-9f8a-
20a02643f41a.PDF; 
(12) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 18 May 2016 (the "2015 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_d3594b08-44a6-4e52-8719-
3e680fed5a69.PDF;  
(13) the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2016 (the "2016 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_696ca3a7-5105-463c-b682-
b136b6b3f06e.PDF; 
(14) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 26 January 2017 (the "2016 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8c46317c-151d-44ed-8dc1-
88a9392e77b3.pdf; 
(15) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 21 August 2017 (the "2016 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a9d6c10f-11e4-4029-9125-
d96f78dea40f.PDF; 
(16) the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2017 (the "2017 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Listing%20Particulars%2015.12_ff273765-
ce5f-4190-9259-0f3f038f846a.PDF; 
(17) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 22 May 2018 (the "2017 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_31c63c9d-815a-49fc-b2e0-
e7db46bc77a5.PDF; 
(18) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 20 August 2018 (the "2017 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8fb26d15-7220-41cb-a5ec-
44972b868602.PDF;  
(19) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 21 November 2018 (the "2017 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_66964f8c-aa48-4479-91e2-
1556ed4b0366.PDF;  
(20) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 6 December 2018 (the "2017 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1759b7d7-07a7-4183-8b08-
0fed1c2770ea.PDF; 
(21) the Rates Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2018 (the "2018 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_dc860eba-c28f-4829-bd16-
1291c624f6f4.PDF;

--- Page 107 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
107 
 
(22) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 March 2019 (the "2018 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_5e5471ef-6977-4c6d-93c7-
26b555ad538b.PDF;  
(23) the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 1 May 2019 (the "2018 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a23e8f68-6638-4670-b9be-
32a7c92381b9.PDF; 
(24) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the "2019 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_b3607262-b94c-402e-84a3-
c6d792ab91ef.PDF; 
(25) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 23 August 2019 (the "2019 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_cd56efd2-f79c-4db7-8b7a-
1cabdf7e5844.PDF; 
(26) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 10 October 2019 (the "2019 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_135c9b35-756c-456a-970b-
43716c6ac901.PDF;  
(27) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 8 November 2019 (the "2019 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a25ca9c2-88ed-423e-b249-
8e8c32f6c792.PDF; 
(28) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020 (the "2020 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1fe5ed56-00f1-4bc0-
b9b9-aead1d6022b0.PDF; 
(29) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 17 November 2020 (the 
"2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_521afeb6-08f6-4867-9051-e492c4eda50e.PDF; 
(30) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 16 March 2021 (the "2020 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/22fcb2c2-0c0c-4215-953d-b359d04c8c57.PDF; and 
(31) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 27 April 2021 (the "2020 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202104/bbfa0f86-2fd4-4f7e-a0fc-f07911deca99.PDF. 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant document(s) as set out below: 
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 
2019 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2020 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
138-139

--- Page 108 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
108 
 
(b) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
(c) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
142-143 
(d) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
(e) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-310 
(f) 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018 
132-136 
2. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form  
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-31 
(b) 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group 
18-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
162 
(c) 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-203 
(d) 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-31 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
32-48 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
 
(iv) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
123-128 
 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-160 
(e) 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
291-298 
(f) 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
(g) 
Risk Management 
65-122 
3. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 109 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
109 
 
(a) 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
(b) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
(c) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92-93 
(d) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
(e) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-201 
4. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 
Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
(b) 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-22 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74-76 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
100 
(c) 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
114-123 
(d) 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-22 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
77-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
96-98 
(e) 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-193 
(f) 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
36-76 
5. 
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 
Form 8-K:

--- Page 110 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
110 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 7-16 
(b) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 
on pages 17-52 
(c) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 
on pages 53-61 
6. 
As set out in the 2013 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-1 - F-145 
7. 
As set out in the 2013 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Amendments to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus  
4 
(b) 
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) 
29-53 
(c) 
Pro Forma Final Terms  
54-94 
8. 
As set out in the 2014 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
195-421 
9. 
As set out in the 2014 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus  
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms  
4 
(b) 
General Conditions of the Notes  
4-5 
10. 
As set out in the 10 August 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
210-435 
11. 
As set out in the 2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus  
 
(a) 
Summary  
3 
12. 
As set out in the 21 December 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 111 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
111 
 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238-478 
13. 
As set out in the 2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
5 
(b) 
Additional information to be supplemented 
10-36 
14. 
As set out in the 2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
5 
(b) 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
5 
(c) 
Schedule 2 – General Conditions of the Notes 
62 
15. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
265-513 
16. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
64-65 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
66-67 
17. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the General Conditions of the Notes 
70 
18. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
278-535 
19. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
73-89

--- Page 112 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
112 
 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
90-165 
20. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
68-73 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
74-75 
21. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
The paragraph entitled "Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" 
8 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
72 
22. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 –Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
7-8 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
9-12 
23. 
As set out in the 2018 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
308-464 
24. 
As set out in the 2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
88-92 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
93-97 
25. 
As set out in the 2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
84-106 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
107-123 
26. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 113 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
113 
 
(a) 
Section F – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
325-654 
27. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
81-84 
28. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
81 
29. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
87 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
88 
30. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259-837 
31. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
26-28 
32. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 14 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
80-85 
(b) 
Schedule 15 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - Rate Conditions 
86 
(c) 
Schedule 16 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Underlying Schedule 3 - Credit Linked Conditions 
87-99 
(d) 
Schedule 17– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
100-124 
(e) 
Schedule 18 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
125-159

--- Page 114 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
114 
 
33. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Underlying Schedule 1 - Inflation Index Conditions 
14 
(b) 
Schedule 6– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
15-16 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
17-19 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned 
documents is additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2020, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2021 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: 
http://www.sec.gov). 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated 
by reference therein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 115 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
115 
 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2019 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2019 (the "CGMHI 2019 Annual Report") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGMHI%20Financial%20Statements%202019_b08f0857
-1e9b-42be-8e9b-31dbdfc19619.PDF; 
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2020 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2020 (the "CGMHI 2020 Annual Report") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/ffa615f9-ef13-4268-bbad-
5b1d4be221fb.pdf 
(3) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 filed with the SEC on 26 February 2021 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/fc11ff33-fcdc-49c0-86de-
e99c4ec50aae.pdf; 
(4) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
filed with the SEC on 5 May 2021 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/9565f7c1-c347-471e-bf98-
6e0d7c06394f.pdf; 
(5) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 9 October 2020 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K") in connection with an announcement of certain 
Consent Orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank N.A.6 A copy of the Citigroup Inc. 9 
October 2020 Form 8-K is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/bdb3a802-c733-4449-9eba-
0f4397393a80.pdf;  
(6) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2015 (the "21 December 2015 Base 
Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_79300e07-6ae0-4d78-83b0-
e40802dd59fd.PDF;  
(7) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 March 2016 (the "2015 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f14287b0-eaa6-4aa0-9f8a-
20a02643f41a.PDF; 
(8) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 18 May 2016 (the "2015 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_d3594b08-44a6-4e52-8719-
3e680fed5a69.PDF;  
                                                     
6  
On 7 October 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) issued Consent Orders with Citigroup Inc. and Citibank, N.A., respectively. 
The Consent Orders require that Citigroup Inc. and Citibank , N.A. submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve 
Board and the OCC relating principally to improvements in various aspects of risk management, compliance, data 
quality management and governance, and internal controls. Citibank, N.A. also entered into a Consent Order with the 
OCC to pay a civil money penalty of U.S.$400 million.

--- Page 116 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
116 
 
(9) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2016 (the "2016 CGMHI Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_696ca3a7-5105-463c-b682-
b136b6b3f06e.PDF; 
(10) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 26 January 2017 (the "2016 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8c46317c-151d-44ed-8dc1-
88a9392e77b3.pdf; 
(11) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 21 August 2017 (the "2016 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a9d6c10f-11e4-4029-9125-
d96f78dea40f.PDF; 
(12) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2017 (the "2017 CGMHI Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Listing%20Particulars%2015.12_ff2737
65-ce5f-4190-9259-0f3f038f846a.PDF; 
(13) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 22 May 2018 (the "2017 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_31c63c9d-815a-49fc-b2e0-
e7db46bc77a5.PDF; 
(14) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 20 August 2018 (the "2017 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8fb26d15-7220-41cb-a5ec-
44972b868602.PDF;  
(15) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 21 November 2018 (the "2017 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_66964f8c-aa48-4479-91e2-
1556ed4b0366.PDF;  
(16) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 6 December 2018 (the "2017 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1759b7d7-07a7-4183-8b08-
0fed1c2770ea.PDF; 
(17) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2018 (the "2018 CGMHI Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_dc860eba-c28f-4829-bd16-
1291c624f6f4.PDF; 
(18) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 March 2019 (the "2018 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_5e5471ef-6977-4c6d-93c7-
26b555ad538b.PDF; 
(19) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 1 May 2019 (the "2018 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a23e8f68-6638-4670-b9be-
32a7c92381b9.PDF; 
(20) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the "2019 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_b3607262-b94c-402e-84a3-
c6d792ab91ef.PDF;

--- Page 117 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
117 
 
(21) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 23 August 2019 (the "2019 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_cd56efd2-f79c-4db7-8b7a-
1cabdf7e5844.PDF; 
(22) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 10 October 2019 (the "2019 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_135c9b35-756c-456a-970b-
43716c6ac901.PDF;  
(23) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 8 November 2019 (the "2019 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a25ca9c2-88ed-423e-b249-
8e8c32f6c792.PDF; 
(24) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020 (the "2020 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1fe5ed56-00f1-4bc0-
b9b9-aead1d6022b0.PDF; 
(25) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 17 November 2020 (the "2020 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_521afeb6-08f6-4867-9051-e492c4eda50e.PDF; 
(26) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 16 March 2021 (the "2020 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/22fcb2c2-0c0c-4215-953d-b359d04c8c57.PDF; and 
(27) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 27 April 2021 (the "2020 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/bbfa0f86-
2fd4-4f7e-a0fc-f07911deca99.PDF. 
The following information appears on the specified pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
 
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
(a) 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
(b) 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
(c) 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
(d) 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
5 
(e) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
(f) 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66

--- Page 118 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
118 
 
(g) 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Thirty-fifth page of the published 
CGMHI 2019 Annual Report 
2. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Management Report" 
(a) 
Management Report 
1-29 
3. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2020, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2020 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
(a) 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
(b) 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
(c) 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
(d) 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
5 
(e) 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
(f) 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
(g) 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Thirty-sixth page of the published 
CGMHI 2020 Annual Report 
4. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Management Report" 
(a) 
Management Report 
1-30 
5. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 
2019 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 20187, as set out in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Income 
and 
Comprehensive Income 
138-139 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
142-143 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-310 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm – Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup 
132-136

--- Page 119 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
119 
 
Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
6. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. 
– Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues 
and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which 
Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional 
Clients Group 
138-139 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
140-141 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup 
Inc. – Note 13 (Investments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
142-143 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup 
Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
4-31 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
32-48 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
 
(iv) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant Estimates 
123-128 
 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies) 
to the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
146-160 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
291-298 
F. 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
G. 
Risk Management 
65-122 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Income 
and 
Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
(b) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91

--- Page 120 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
120 
 
(c) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
92-93 
(d) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
(e) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-201 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. 
- Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues 
and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
(b) 
Description of the principal markets in which 
Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial 
Condition 
and 
Results 
of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
3-22 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74-76 
 
(iii) 
Note 
3 
(Business 
Segments) 
to 
the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
100 
(c) 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup 
Inc. – Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
114-123 
(d) 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup 
Inc. 
 
(i) 
Citigroup 
Segments, 
Management's 
Discussion 
and 
Analysis 
of 
Financial 
Condition 
and 
Results 
of 
Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-22 
 
(ii) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, 
Income 
Taxes, 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran 
Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights 
Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
77-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Accounting 
Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
96-98 
(e) 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 23 (Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
192-193

--- Page 121 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
121 
 
(f) 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of 
Contents and Managing Global Risk 
36-76 
9. 
Announcement relating to Citi Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 7-
16 
(b) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the 
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 on pages 17-
52 
(c) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the 
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 on pages 53-
61 
10. 
As set out in the 21 December 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238-478 
11. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
7 
(b) 
Additional information to be supplemented 
10-36 
12. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
9 
(b) 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
9 
(c) 
Schedule 2 – General Conditions of the Notes 
62 
 
 
13. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
265-513 
14. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 122 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
122 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
64-65 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
66-67 
15. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the General Conditions 
of the Notes 
70 
16. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
278-535 
17. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
73-89 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
90-165 
18. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
68-73 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
74-75 
19. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
The paragraph entitled "Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" 
8

--- Page 123 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
123 
 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
72 
20. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
7-8 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
9-12 
21. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
308-464 
22. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
88-92 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
93-97 
23. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
84-106 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
107-123 
24. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
325-654 
25. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
81-84 
26. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3:

--- Page 124 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
124 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
81 
27. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
87 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
88 
28. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259-837 
29. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
26-28 
30. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(b) 
Schedule 14 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
80-85 
(c) 
Schedule 15 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - 
Rate Conditions 
86 
(d) 
Schedule 16 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 3 - 
Credit Linked Conditions 
87-99 
(e) 
Schedule 17– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
100-124 
(f) 
Schedule 18 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
125-159

--- Page 125 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
125 
 
31. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 1 - 
Inflation Index Conditions 
14 
(b) 
Schedule 6– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
15-16 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
17-19 
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned 
documents is additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Report on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2020, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2021 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: 
http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMHI Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference 
therein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be 
deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 126 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
126 
 
SECTION D.3– DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2019 (the "CGMFL 2019 Annual Report") which is published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGMFL%20Financial%20Statements%202019_be66d815
-5168-445b-8a79-8fef262d8245.PDF; 
(2) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2020 (the "CGMFL 2020 Annual Report") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202106/a89569d1-8159-49ea-919d-3ae50eb3c725.pdf; 
(3) 
(3) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL 
Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the "CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual 
Report") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/2018%20CGML%20financial%20statements%20Unlinke
d%20for%20signing_9e36bb8c-4c83-44b8-b2f9-eedb15813b09.pdf; 
(4) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 (the "CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/f3cc4fe3-bef1-4786-8c90-
1e36cfae802d.pdf 
(5) 
the unaudited interim report and financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its 
unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the six month period ended 
30 June 2020 (the "CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Financial Report") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202106/b44afe1d-8731-4084-84a8-352a15fb1a75.pdf; 
(6) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 filed with the SEC on 26 February 2021 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/fc11ff33-fcdc-49c0-86de-
e99c4ec50aae.pdf; 
(7) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
filed with the SEC on 5 May 2021 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/9565f7c1-c347-471e-bf98-
6e0d7c06394f.pdf; 
(8) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 9 October 2020 (the 
"Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K") in connection with an announcement of certain 
Consent Orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank N.A.7 A copy of the Citigroup Inc. 9 
October 2020 Form 8-K is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/bdb3a802-c733-4449-9eba-
0f4397393a80.pdf; 
                                                     
7  
On 7 October 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) issued Consent Orders with Citigroup Inc. and Citibank, N.A., respectively. 
The Consent Orders require that Citigroup Inc. and Citibank , N.A. submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve 
Board and the OCC relating principally to improvements in various aspects of risk management, compliance, data 
quality management and governance, and internal controls. Citibank, N.A. also entered into a Consent Order with the 
OCC to pay a civil money penalty of U.S.$400 million.

--- Page 127 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
127 
 
(9) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8ba9313d-84cd-4ff0-a42a-
5dba62f1d875.PDF?v=742015;  
(10) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 March 2014 (the "2013 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_190ac5cd-59ca-46be-b3dc-
a5962c379c1e.PDF?v=2112015;  
(11) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2014 (the "2014 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_ee474483-9539-45be-ac5c-
c963add2c123.PDF?v=532015;  
(12) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 1 December 2014 (the "2014 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_68c35972-1e7e-4d2b-8f33-
15eb8a3b5295.PDF?v=2112015;  
(13) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 10 August 2015 (the "10 August 2015 Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_32861db5-fe24-4e99-b996-
2b20d0850933.PDF?v=1492015;  
(14) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 16 November 2015 (the "2015 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_e9374c6f-7d97-4c81-afb0-
405538532c9a.PDF?v=2112015;  
(15) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2015 (the "21 December 2015 Base 
Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_79300e07-6ae0-4d78-83b0-
e40802dd59fd.PDF;  
(16) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 March 2016 (the "2015 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f14287b0-eaa6-4aa0-9f8a-
20a02643f41a.PDF; 
(17) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 18 May 2016 (the "2015 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_d3594b08-44a6-4e52-8719-
3e680fed5a69.PDF;  
(18) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2016 (the "2016 CGMFL Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_696ca3a7-5105-463c-b682-
b136b6b3f06e.PDF; 
(19) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 26 January 2017 (the "2016 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8c46317c-151d-44ed-8dc1-
88a9392e77b3.pdf; 
(20) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 May 2017 (the "2016 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_ec706e91-b957-41c2-b9fa-
ad02eda3a25b.PDF;

--- Page 128 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
128 
 
(21) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 21 August 2017 (the "2016 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a9d6c10f-11e4-4029-9125-
d96f78dea40f.PDF; 
(22) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2017 (the "2017 CGMFL Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Listing%20Particulars%2015.12_ff2737
65-ce5f-4190-9259-0f3f038f846a.PDF; 
(23) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 22 May 2018 (the "2017 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_31c63c9d-815a-49fc-b2e0-
e7db46bc77a5.PDF; 
(24) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 20 August 2018 (the "2017 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8fb26d15-7220-41cb-a5ec-
44972b868602.PDF; 
(25) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 21 November 2018 (the "2017 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_66964f8c-aa48-4479-91e2-
1556ed4b0366.PDF; 
(26) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 6 December 2018 (the "2017 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1759b7d7-07a7-4183-8b08-
0fed1c2770ea.PDF;  
(27) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2018 (the "2018 CGMFL Base Prospectus") 
which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_dc860eba-c28f-4829-bd16-
1291c624f6f4.PDF; 
(28) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 March 2019 (the "2018 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_5e5471ef-6977-4c6d-93c7-
26b555ad538b.PDF; 
(29) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 1 May 2019 (the "2018 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a23e8f68-6638-4670-b9be-
32a7c92381b9.PDF; 
(30) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the "2019 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_b3607262-b94c-402e-84a3-
c6d792ab91ef.PDF; 
(31) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 23 August 2019 (the "2019 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_cd56efd2-f79c-4db7-8b7a-
1cabdf7e5844.PDF; 
(32) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 10 October 2019 (the "2019 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_135c9b35-756c-456a-970b-
43716c6ac901.PDF;

--- Page 129 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
129 
 
(33) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 8 November 2019 (the "2019 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a25ca9c2-88ed-423e-b249-
8e8c32f6c792.PDF 
(34) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020 (the "2020 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1fe5ed56-00f1-4bc0-
b9b9-aead1d6022b0.PDF; 
(35) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 17 November 2020 (the "2020 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_521afeb6-08f6-4867-9051-e492c4eda50e.PDF; 
(36) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 16 March 2021 (the "2020 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/22fcb2c2-0c0c-4215-953d-b359d04c8c57.PDF; and 
(37) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 27 April 2021 (the "2020 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202104/bbfa0f86-2fd4-4f7e-a0fc-f07911deca99.PDF. 
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or 
the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL. Holders of Notes issued by CGMFL 
are subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse to 
Citigroup Inc., or any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor to make payments on their respective obligations as they become due. 
The following information appears on the specified pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement 
of 
Profit 
or 
Loss 
and 
other 
Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-46 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg S.à.r.l.) 
thirteenth to eighteenth pages of the 
published CGMFL 2019 Annual 
Report 
2. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2020, as set out in the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report: 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive 
Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2

--- Page 130 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
130 
 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-48 
F 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg S.à.r.l.) 
Twelfth to seventeenth pages of 
the published CGMFL 2020 
Annual Report 
 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2018, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
18 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
19 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
20 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
21 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
22-88 
F. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of 
CGML 
16-17 
3. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
25 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
26 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
27 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
28 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
29 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
30-94 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of 
CGML 
23-24 
4. 
Unaudited interim financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor as at and for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim 
Financial Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Interim Income Statement 
10 
(b) 
Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
11 
(c) 
Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
12 
(d) 
Interim Balance Sheet 
13

--- Page 131 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
131 
 
(e) 
Statement of Cash Flows 
14 
(f) 
Notes to the Interim Financial Statements 
15-32 
5. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 
2019 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2020 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Income 
and 
Comprehensive Income 
138-139 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
142-143 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-310 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm – Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup 
Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
132-136 
6. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. 
– Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues 
and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup 
Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional 
Clients Group 
18-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 
3 
(Business 
Segments) 
to 
the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
162 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup 
Inc. – Note 13 (Investments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
192-203 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup 
Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) 
and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-31 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
32-48

--- Page 132 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
132 
 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
 
(iv) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant Estimates 
123-128 
 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-160 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
291-298 
F. 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
G. 
Risk Management 
65-122 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Consolidated Statements of Income and 
Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
(b) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
(c) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
92-93 
(d) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
(e) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-201 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 
Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. 
- Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues 
and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
(b) 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup 
Inc. competes 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial 
Condition 
and 
Results 
of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
3-22 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74-76 
 
(iii) 
Note 
3 
(Business 
Segments) 
to 
the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
100 
(c) 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup 
Inc. – Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
114-123

--- Page 133 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
133 
 
(d) 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup 
Inc. 
 
(i) 
Citigroup 
Segments, 
Management's 
Discussion 
and 
Analysis 
of 
Financial 
Condition 
and 
Results 
of 
Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-22 
 
(ii) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, 
Income 
Taxes 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran 
Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights 
Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
77-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Accounting 
Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
96-98 
(e) 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 23 (Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
192-193 
(f) 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of 
Contents and Managing Global Risk 
36-76 
9. 
Announcement relating to Citi Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020  
Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 7-16 
(b) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by 
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 on pages 17-52 
(c) 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by 
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 on pages 53-61 
10. 
As set out in the 2013 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
F-1 - F-145 
11. 
As set out in the 2013 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus  
 
(a) 
Amendments to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus  
6

--- Page 134 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
134 
 
(b) 
Underlying Schedule 3 Credit Linked Coupon 
Conditions 
29-53 
(c) 
Pro Forma Final Terms  
54-94 
12. 
As set out in the 2014 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
195-421 
13. 
As set out in the 2014 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
8 
(b) 
General Conditions of the Notes 
9 
14. 
As set out in the 10 August 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
210-435 
15. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
6 
16. 
As set out in the 21 December 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238-478 
17. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
9 
(b) 
Additional information to be supplemented 
10-36 
18. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
12-13

--- Page 135 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
135 
 
(b) 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
13 
(c) 
Schedule 2 – General Conditions of the Notes 
62 
19. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
265-513 
20. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of 
the Notes 
64-65 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
66-67 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement 
68-69 
21. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
63 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement 
64 
22. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the General 
Conditions of the Notes 
70 
23. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
278-535 
24. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 136 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
136 
 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
73-89 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
90-165 
25. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
68-73 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
74-75 
26. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
The paragraph entitled "Amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
8 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
72 
27. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
7-8 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
9-12 
28. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMFL  Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
308-464 
29. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of 
the Notes 
88-92

--- Page 137 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
137 
 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
93-97 
30. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of 
the Notes 
84-106 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
107-123 
31. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
325-654 
32. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule 
81-84 
33. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule 
81 
34. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule 
87 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
88 
35. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259-837

--- Page 138 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
138 
 
36. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(b) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
26-28 
37. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(d) 
Schedule 14 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of 
the Notes 
80-85 
(e) 
Schedule 15 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 
- Rate Conditions 
86 
(f) 
Schedule 16 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 3 
- Credit Linked Conditions 
87-99 
(g) 
Schedule 17– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule 
100-124 
(h) 
Schedule 18 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
125-159 
38. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(j) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 1 
- Inflation Index Conditions 
14 
(k) 
Schedule 6– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule 
15-16 
(l) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma 
Final Terms 
17-19 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned 
documents is additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2020, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2021 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: 
http://www.sec.gov).

--- Page 139 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
139 
 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by 
reference therein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
Documents Available for Inspection 
 
140 
 
SECTION D.4 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
(a) 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup 
Inc. and the latest quarterly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup 
Inc. may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying 
Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. is 
outstanding.  Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other 
Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMHI is 
outstanding.  Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated financial 
statements of CGMFL and the latest half yearly interim unaudited non-consolidated report and 
financial statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued 
by CGMFL is outstanding.  Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated 
financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half–yearly interim unaudited non-
consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the specified 
offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Each of the above documents will 
be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. 
(b) 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Citigroup Inc., at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Compiled%20COI%20and%20by%20laws%20of
%20Citigroup%20Inc._ea4d4037-22fc-4fef-9db9-c588a9d0f052.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of CGMHI, at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf; 
(iii) 
the 
articles 
of 
incorporation 
of 
CGMFL, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGMFL%20Articles%20of%20Association%20
September%202020_b2460df2-939c-49bd-8136-a736766b6469.PDF; and 
(iv) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGML%20Articles%20of%20Association_21fa0
92b-f7c7-488d-a700-4e1cbcd3fe44.pdf.  
(v) 
the 
CGMHI 
Deed 
of 
Guarantee, 
as 
amended 
or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Form%20of%20CGMHI%20Deed%20of%20Gu
arantee_9f5f0fdc-0094-473d-a769-a4858a117fb1.pdf; and 
(vi) 
the 
CGMFL 
Deed 
of 
Guarantee, 
as 
amended 
or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Form%20of%20CGMFL%20Deed%20of%20Gu
arantee_4926d700-aa0f-4b6f-a2c6-e1bfb8d5674c.pdf. 
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements to this 
Base Prospectus will be, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com, (ii) 
electronic copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on 
the websites specified in relation to each such document in the sections "Documents incorporated by 
reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", "Documents incorporated by reference for the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus" 
above, as applicable, and (iii) electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus by any supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document 
in the relevant supplement.

--- Page 141 ---
Supplements to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus 
 
141 
 
SECTION D.5 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
Citigroup Inc. and/or CGMHI and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or CGMFL and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, will, while the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus is valid in respect of Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and/or the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and/or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, or publish a new Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus and/or CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may 
be, for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Investors should note that a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus may be published during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of a Non-exempt Offer in the EEA. In such circumstances, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Notes under such Non-exempt Offer and before the date of the new Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus is published may have 
the right to withdraw their acceptances within the time period set out in such new Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be.  
Where the Notes are offered to the public in Switzerland, other than pursuant to an exemption under 
Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, investors in 
Switzerland who have already subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus, as the case may be, or a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, is published during the Offer Period (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and acceptances within a period 
of at least three days from the publication of such supplement or new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus regardless of whether the Offer Period closes 
prior to the expiry of such three day period. Notwithstanding this, the Offer Period shall not be extended 
in such circumstances unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus 
will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 142 ---
Information relating to the Issuers and the Guarantors 
 
142 
 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS

--- Page 143 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
143 
 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
Citigroup Inc. ("Citi", the "Company", or "Citigroup") is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focussed, range of financial products and services. Citigroup Inc. has approximately 200 million 
customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. is a 
bank holding company within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered 
with, and subject to examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal 
Reserve"). Some of Citi's subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by their respective 
federal and state authorities. At 31 December 2020, Citigroup Inc. had approximately 200,000 full-time 
employees worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.'s objects and purpose is to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the General Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in Article THIRD of Citi's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  Citigroup currently operates, for management reporting purposes, 
via two primary business segments: Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, with the 
remaining operations in Corporate/Other. Its businesses conduct their activities across the North 
America, Latin America, Asia and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. Citigroup's principal 
subsidiaries are Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Grupo Financiero Banamex, S.A. de 
C.V., each of which is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Citigroup.  
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual 
preferred stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances. 
Citigroup Inc. and Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can 
only pay dividends if they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state bank regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States. 
Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries may be party to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay 
dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes that none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on 
the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect Citigroup Inc.'s ability to service its own debt. 
Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital levels of a bank holding company, and must submit 
a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, to which the Federal Reserve does not 
object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
Under longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source 
of financial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of this regulatory policy, the Federal Reserve 
might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks when doing so is not otherwise 
in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors.  
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and 
its telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. Citigroup Inc. was established as a corporation 
incorporated in Delaware on 8 March 1988, registered at the Delaware Division of Corporations with 
perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law with file number 2154254. Citi's 
authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million shares of preferred 
stock. As at 31 December 2020, there were 2,082,089,209 fully paid common stock shares outstanding 
and 779,200 fully paid preferred shares outstanding. A common stock share carries one vote, and no pre-
emptive or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A preferred stock share carries no general 
voting rights. 
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup 
Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. 
On 15 December 2016, the Federal Reserve issued a final total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule 
that will require Citigroup Inc. to (i) maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and long-term debt and 
(ii) adhere to various "clean holding company" requirements. Citigroup Inc. continues to review and 
consider the implications of the final TLAC rule, including the impact of (w) the amount of its debt

--- Page 144 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
144 
 
securities issued prior to 31 December 2016 that will benefit from the grandfathering provided by the 
final TLAC rule, (x) the effectiveness date of 1 January 2019 for all aspects of the final TLAC rule, (y) 
a new anti-evasion provision that authorises the Federal Reserve to exclude from a holding company's 
outstanding eligible long-term debt any debt having certain features that would, in the Federal Reserve's 
view, "significantly impair" the debt's ability to absorb losses and (z) the consequences of any breach of 
the external long-term debt or clean holding company requirements. In response to the final TLAC rule, 
Citigroup Inc. has amended the Events of Default under the Notes, as required by the final TLAC rule. 
Citigroup Inc, is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank Act”) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to 
periodically submit a plan for the Citigroup Inc.’s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code in the event of material financial distress or failure (the "Resolution Plan"). 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan, only Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company, would enter 
into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2019 
Resolution Plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve and FDIC websites) would remain 
operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan has 
been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while 
maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in 
line with the Federal Reserve's final total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, Citigroup Inc. believes 
it has developed the Resolution Plan so that in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy or other resolution 
proceeding, Citigroup Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on 
Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc.. Further, in a bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value 
realized by holders of any Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. may not be sufficient to repay the amounts 
owed on such Notes. For more information about the final TLAC rule and its consequences for debt 
securities, you should refer to the section "Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risks — Long-Term Debt 
— Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-
K. 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC (together, the "Agencies"), 
Citigroup Inc. took the following actions: 
(i) 
Citicorp LLC ("Citicorp"), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company (an "IHC") for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s 
operating material legal entities; 
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the "Citi Support Agreement"); 
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality 
liquid assets and inter-affiliate loans (the "Contributable Assets"), to Citicorp, and 
Citicorp became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities; 
 
Citigroup Inc. would be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to 
Citicorp over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among 
other things, meet Citigroup Inc.'s near-term cash needs;  
 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and 
(iv) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.

--- Page 145 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
145 
 
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service — including payments due on Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc. — as well as other operating needs: (i) one or more funding notes issued by 
Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under which Citicorp may make loans to 
Citigroup Inc.. 
On 17 December 2019, the Agencies issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2019 by the 
eight U.S. G-SIBs, including Citigroup Inc. The Agencies identified one shortcoming, but no 
deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan relating to governance mechanisms. Citigroup Inc. 
submitted a plan to address the shortcoming, which the Agencies will take into account in determining 
the scope of Citigroup Inc.'s targeted resolution plan due on 1 July 2021. Based on regulatory changes 
effective 31 December 2019, Citigroup Inc.’s July 2021 resolution plan submission will be a “targeted” 
resolution plan, only including a subset of the information of a full resolution plan, as identified by the 
Federal Reserve and FDIC. Citigroup Inc. will alternate between a submitting a full resolution plan and 
a targeted resolution plan on a biennial cycle.  On 1 July 2020, the Agencies provided information to the 
eight largest domestic banking organizations, including the Issuer, required to be included in the targeted 
resolutions plans due on 1 July 2021. For additional information on Citigroup Inc.’s resolution plan 
submissions, see "Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risk — Long-Term Debt — Resolution Plan” and 
“—Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)" in the 2020 Report. Citigroup Inc.’s preferred resolution 
strategy is “single point of entry” under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
In addition to Citigroup Inc.'s required Resolution Plan under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act, Title II of 
the Dodd-Frank Act grants the FDIC the authority, under certain circumstances, to resolve systemically 
important financial institutions, including Citigroup Inc. This resolution authority is commonly referred 
to as the FDIC's "orderly liquidation authority". Under the FDIC's stated preferred "single point of entry" 
strategy for such resolution, Citigroup Inc. would be placed in receivership; the unsecured long-term debt 
and shareholders of the parent holding company would bear any losses; the FDIC would use its power 
to create a “bridge entity” for Citigroup Inc; transfer the systemically important and viable parts of its 
business, principally the stock of Citigroup’s main operating subsidiaries and any intercompany claims 
against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity; and recapitalize the operating subsidiaries using assets of 
Citigroup Inc. that have been transferred to the bridge entity and exchange external debt claims against 
Citigroup Inc. for equity in the bridge entity. Under this Title II resolution strategy, the value of the stock 
of the bridge entity that would be redistributed to holders of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. may not be 
sufficient to repay amounts owed on such Notes. The Notes may be fully subordinated to interests held 
by the U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding with 
respect to Citigroup Inc., including a proceeding under the "orderly liquidity authority" provisions of the 
Dodd-Frank Act. To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy 
and it is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution of Citigroup Inc. 
Under the regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of this regulatory policy, the Federal Reserve might 
require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks when doing so is not otherwise in the 
interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Citigroup Inc, is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank Act”) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to 
periodically submit a plan for the Citigroup Inc.’s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code in the event of material financial distress or failure (the "Resolution Plan"). 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan, only Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company, would enter 
into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2019 
Resolution Plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve and FDIC websites) would remain 
operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan has 
been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while 
maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in 
line with the Federal Reserve's final total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule, Citigroup Inc. believes 
it has developed the Resolution Plan so that Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors –

--- Page 146 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
146 
 
including creditors claiming under the Citigroup Inc. guarantee of Notes issued by CGMHI – bear any 
losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding. For more information 
about the final TLAC rule and its consequences for debt securities, you should refer to the section 
"Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risks — Long-Term Debt — Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
(TLAC)" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC (together, the "Agencies"), 
Citigroup Inc. took the following actions: 
(i) 
Citicorp LLC ("Citicorp"), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company (an "IHC") for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s 
operating material legal entities; 
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the "Citi Support Agreement");  
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality 
liquid assets and inter-affiliate loans (the "Contributable Assets"), to Citicorp, and 
Citicorp became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities; 
 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near-term cash needs;  
 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(iv) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc. 
On 17 December 2019, the Agencies issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2019 by the 
eight U.S. G-SIBs, including Citigroup Inc. The Agencies identified one shortcoming, but no 
deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan relating to governance mechanisms. Citigroup Inc. 
submitted a plan to address the shortcoming, which the Agencies will take into account in determining 
the scope of Citigroup Inc.'s targeted resolution plan due on 1 July 2021.  Based on regulatory changes 
effective 31 December 2019, Citigroup Inc.’s July 2021 resolution plan submission will be a “targeted” 
resolution plan, only including a subset of the information of a full resolution plan, as identified by the 
Federal Reserve and FDIC. Citigroup Inc. will alternate between a submitting a full resolution plan and 
a targeted resolution plan on a biennial cycle.  On 1 July 2020, the Agencies provided information to the 
eight largest domestic banking organizations, including the Issuer, required to be included in the targeted 
resolutions plans due on 1 July 2021.  For additional information on Citigroup Inc.’s resolution plan 
submissions, see "Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risk — Long-Term Debt — Resolution Plan” and 
“—Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)" in the 2020 Report. Citigroup Inc.’s preferred resolution 
strategy is “single point of entry” under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution 
proceeding will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. Moreover, it will not constitute an event of default with respect to any 
series of Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. if the guarantee of the Notes by

--- Page 147 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
147 
 
Citigroup Inc. (as CGMHI Guarantor) ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force and effect for 
any reason, including by Citigroup Inc.'s insolvency or resolution. Should the Citigroup Inc. guarantee 
no longer be in effect, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., will become the sole obligor under its 
Notes, and there can be no assurance that it would be able to continue to meet its obligations under such 
Notes. 
In the event that Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. also enters bankruptcy, at the time of Citigroup 
Inc.'s bankruptcy filing or at a later time, you, as a holder of Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. would be an unsecured creditor of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the Citigroup Inc. guarantee 
and, accordingly, you cannot be assured that the Citigroup Inc. guarantee would protect you against 
losses resulting from a default by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.

--- Page 148 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
148 
 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
John C. Dugan 
 
- 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New 
York 
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon 
 
Director, Center for the Study of Globalization; 
Professor in the Field of International Economics 
and Politics, Yale University 
Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV 
 
Former President and Managing Director, Pacific 
Investment 
Management 
Company 
LLC 
(PIMCO) 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Dean Emeritus and W. R. Berkley Professor of 
Economics and Finance, New York University 
Stern School of Business 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co-Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, LLC 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
James S. Turley 
 
Chairman and CEO (Retired), Ernst & Young 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO (Retired), BMO 
Financial Corporation and Former U.S. Country 
Head of BMO Financial Group 
Renée J. James 
 
Founder, 
Chairman 
and 
CEO, 
Ampere 
Computing 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and 
Analysis, U.S. Department of the Treasury 
Deborah C. Wright 
 
Former Chairman, Carver Bancorp, Inc. 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank 
Supervision Policy and Chief National Bank 
Examiner, Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency (OCC) 
Barbara Desoer 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer, Citibank N.A. 
Alexander Wynaendts 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of 
the Executive Board, Aegon N.V. 
Jane Fraser 
 
- 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Peter Babej, Jane Nind Fraser, Sunil Garg, David 
Livingstone, Mark Mason, Mary McNiff, Johnbull Okpara, Karen Peetz, Anand Selvakesari, Edward 
Skyler, Ernesto Torres Cantu, Zdenek Turek, Sara Wechter, Rohan Weerasinghe, Mike Whitaker and 
Paco Ybarra.  
The business address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013.

--- Page 149 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
149 
 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be 
material in the context of any issuance of Notes. 
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.'s board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the 
integrity of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of 
internal accounting and financial controls, (ii) the performance of the internal audit function, (iii) the 
annual independent integrated audit of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements and 
effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the 
independent registered public accounting firm and the evaluation of the independent registered public 
accounting firm's qualifications, independence and performance, (iv) policy standards and guidelines for 
risk assessment and risk management, (v) Citigroup Inc.'s compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements, including Citigroup Inc.'s disclosure controls and procedures, and (vi) the fulfilment of the 
other responsibilities set out in the audit committee's charter. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. 
Hennes, Renee J. James, James S. Turley and Deborah C. Wright. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight 
of Citigroup Inc.'s risk management framework, including the significant policies, procedures and 
practices used in managing credit, market, operational and certain other risks; (ii) oversight of Citigroup 
Inc.'s policies and practices relating to funding risk, liquidity risk and price risk, which constitute 
significant components of market risk, and risks pertaining to capital management; and (iii) oversight of 
the performance of the Fundamental Credit Risk credit review function. 
The members of the risk management and finance committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, 
Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, James S. Turley and Alexander R. Wynaendts. 
The personnel and compensation committee, which is responsible for determining the compensation for 
the Chief Executive Officer and approving the compensation of other executive officers and other 
members of senior management. The committee is also responsible for approving the incentive 
compensation structure for other members of senior management and certain highly compensated 
employees (including discretionary incentive awards to covered employees as defined in applicable bank 
regulatory guidance), in accordance with guidelines established by the committee from time to time. The 
committee also has broad oversight of compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup 
Inc.'s incentive compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Lew 
W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Renee J. James, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Alexander R. Wynaendts. 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next 
annual meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; 
(iii) recommending to the Board directors as to the composition for each committee for appointment by 
the Board; (iv) shaping corporate governance policies and practices and monitoring Citigroup Inc.'s 
compliance with such policies and practices; and (v) reviewing and approving all related party 
transactions. The committee also has responsibility for reviewing political and charitable contributions 
made by Citigroup Inc. and the Citigroup Foundation, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s policies and practices 
regarding supplier diversity, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s business practices and reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s 
sustainability policies and programs, including environmental, climate change and human rights. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. 
Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto 
Zedillo Ponce de Leon.

--- Page 150 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
150 
 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Peter 
B. Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley. 
The ethics, conduct and culture committee is responsible for (i) oversight of management's efforts to 
foster a culture of ethics within the organisation; (ii) oversight and shaping the definition of Citigroup 
Inc.'s value proposition; (iii) oversight of management's efforts to enhance and communicate Citigroup 
Inc.'s value proposition, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these efforts; (iv) 
reviewing and assessing the culture of the organisation to determine if further enhancements are needed 
to foster ethical decision-making by employees; (v) oversight of management's efforts to support ethical 
decision-making in the organisation, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these 
efforts; and (vi) reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics for Financial 
Professionals. 
The members of the ethics, conduct and culture committee are Peter Blair Henry, S. Leslie Ireland, Lew 
W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States 
of America. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is 
regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for 
each of the years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2020. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified 
opinion on such financial statements in its report dated 26 February 2021. 
Material Contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes 
issued by it or CGMHI (as the case may be). 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes by Citigroup Inc. will be used for general corporate purposes, 
which may include capital contributions to its subsidiaries and/or the reduction or refinancings of 
borrowings of Citigroup Inc. or its subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. expects to incur additional indebtedness 
in the future. 
In connection with the acquisition by an investor of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. under this Base 
Prospectus, an affiliate of Citigroup Inc. may provide product and sales services to investors ("Services"). 
Each affiliate provides such Services on its own behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citigroup Inc. 
and its affiliates have previously agreed to share revenue in respect of any Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. 
based on the respective contributions by such companies, including the provision by such affiliate(s) of 
Services. Accordingly, a portion of the revenue received by Citigroup Inc. in respect of the Notes is 
allocable to such affiliate(s) and is received by Citigroup Inc. on behalf of such affiliate(s).  For a list of 
affiliates 
providing 
Services 
in 
specific 
countries, 
please 
see 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf. 
Notes may be issued by Citigroup Inc. as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or Notes for which it is Citigroup 
Inc.'s intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible 
Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports the relevant Issuer's 
sustainable progress strategy, as further described under "Green Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" 
above. In the event that the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms

--- Page 151 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
151 
 
will specify that the Notes are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the 
intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Notes as social bonds ("Social Bonds") or Notes for which it is Citigroup 
Inc.'s intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing in whole 
or in part a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under "Social 
Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in “Investment Considerations” above. In the event that the 
Notes are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Notes are 
Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds 
thereof. 
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
issue and performance of the Notes. The update of the Programme and the issue of the Notes by Citigroup 
Inc. under the Programme was authorised by certificates of the Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc. 
dated 11 June 2021 and pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. dated 21 
January 2021. The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a certificate of the 
Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc., dated 15 April 2021  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the 
documents referenced above, neither Citigroup Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been 
involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the twelve months 
before the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, nor, so far as Citigroup Inc. is aware, are 
any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup 
Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 March 2021 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 
December 2020 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and 
its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 March 2021 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 152 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
152 
 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI"), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-
service investment banking and securities brokerage business. As used in this description, CGMHI refers 
to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Institutional Clients Group business 
segment. 
CGMHI's parent, Citigroup Inc. ("Citigroup", or "Citi"), is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi 
has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and 
jurisdictions. 
Citigroup currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via two primary business segments: 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, with the remaining operations in 
Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone 
number +1(212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the 
successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc.. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc.. CGMHI's Federal Employee Identification Number ("FEIN" or "EIN") issued by 
the US Internal Revenue Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Institutional Clients Group 
Institutional Clients Group (ICG) includes Banking and Markets and securities services. ICG provides 
corporate, institutional, public sector and high-net-worth clients around the world with a full range of 
wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign 
exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, 
investment banking and advisory services, private banking, cash management, trade finance and 
securities services. ICG transacts with clients in both cash instruments and derivatives, including fixed 
income, foreign currency, equity and commodity products. 
ICG revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. ICG earns fee 
income for assisting clients with transactional services and clearing, and providing brokerage and 
investment banking services and other such activities. Such fees are recognized at the point in time when 
Citigroup's performance under the terms of a contractual arrangement is completed, which is typically at 
the trade/execution date or closing of a transaction. Revenue generated from these activities is recorded 
in Commissions and fees and Investment banking. Revenue is also generated from assets under custody 
and administration, which is recognized as/when the associated promised service is satisfied, which 
normally occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. 
Revenue generated from these activities is primarily recorded in Fiduciary fees. 
In addition, as a market maker, ICG facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet 
client demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These 
price differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal 
transactions (for additional information on Principal transactions revenue, see Note 2 to the CGMHI 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report). 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including 
market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence and other 
macroeconomic conditions. Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client 
activity levels or bid/offer spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market 
conditions can significantly impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product 
inventory. For example, a decrease in market liquidity may increase bid/offer spreads, decrease client 
activity levels and widen credit spreads on product inventory positions.

--- Page 153 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
153 
 
ICG's management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above 
factors at the trading desk as well as the country level. ICG does not separately track the impact on total 
Markets revenues of the volume of transactions, bid/offer spreads, fair value changes of product 
inventory positions and economic hedges because, as noted above, these components are interrelated and 
are not deemed useful or necessary individually to manage the Markets businesses at an aggregate level. 
In the Markets businesses, client revenues are those revenues directly attributable to client transactions 
at the time of inception, including commissions, interest or fees earned. Client revenues do not include 
the results of client facilitation activities (e.g. holding product inventory in anticipation of client demand) 
or the results of certain economic hedging activities. 
For additional information on ICG's business activities, see "Institutional Clients Group" in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2020 Form 10-K. 
ICG's international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 96 countries and jurisdictions. At 31 March 2021, ICG had approximately 
$1.8 trillion in assets and $938 billion in deposits, while two of its businesses—securities services and 
issuer services—managed $24.8 trillion in assets under custody compared to $24.0 trillion at 31 
December 2020 and $18.7 trillion at 31 March 2020.  
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of 
America. To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations 
of the United States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was "formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the Business Corporation Law" of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of 
CGMHI's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI's authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value $0.01 and 10,000,000 Preferred 
Stock of par value $1.00. CGMHI's issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is fully paid up 
and held by Citigroup Inc. No Preferred Stock has been issued. 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or 
resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other 
purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of 
Common Stock standing in his name on the books of CGMHI. At present, CGMHI has a single 
shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock. As such, the 
shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with respect to all matters submitted to a 
shareholder vote. No Shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough 
shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Election of directors 
The directors of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
See below

--- Page 154 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
154 
 
Name 
Title 
Robert F. Klein 
See below 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
Chief Executive Officer/Chairman/President 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Charles Marquardt 
Controller 
Gonzalo Martin 
Treasurer 
Victor Spadafora 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Donald Bendernagel 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
 
 
Stacey Berg Keller 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
Moshe Malina 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Rachel Stine 
Assistant Secretary 
Ronny Ostrow 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Elizabeth Zidones 
Assistant Secretary 
 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Notes Committee 
 
Colin Brennan 
 
Stuart Crouch

--- Page 155 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
155 
 
Name 
Title 
Gonzalo Martin 
 
Mark Mason 
 
Johnbull Okpara 
 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
 
Victor Spadafora 
 
Elissa Steinberg 
 
Michael Verdeschi 
 
 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant 
with respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 
10013, United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
of dividends to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the 
issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of 
the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may 
be declared by the board of directors. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre-emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any 
series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders 
of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common 
Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of CGMHI available for distribution. At present, no series of 
Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre-emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, 
and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time 
to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, 
preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
of such shares.

--- Page 156 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
156 
 
Auditors 
CGMHI's annual accounts as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in the United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park 
Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. 
KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by 
the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Notes will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for general 
corporate purposes, which include making a profit. 
In connection with the acquisition by an investor of Notes issued by CGMHI under this Base Prospectus, 
an affiliate of CGMHI may provide product and sales services to investors ("Services"). Each affiliate 
provides such Services on its own behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates 
(including CGMHI and any such affiliates of CGMHI) have previously agreed to share revenue in respect 
of any Notes issued by CGMHI based on the respective contributions by such companies, including the 
provision by such affiliate(s) of Services. Accordingly, a portion of the revenue received by CGMHI in 
respect of the Notes is allocable to such affiliate(s) and is received by CGMHI on behalf of such 
affiliate(s).  For a list of affiliates providing Services in specific countries, please see 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf. 
Notes may be issued by CGMHI as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or Notes for which it is CGMHI's 
intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green 
Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports the relevant Issuer's 
sustainable progress strategy, as further described under "Green Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" 
above. In the event that the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify that the Notes are Green Bonds and will provide additional information in relation to the 
intended use of proceeds thereof. 
CGMHI may also issue Notes as social bonds ("Social Bonds") or Notes for which it is CGMHI's 
intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing in whole or in 
part a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under "Social 
Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in “Investment Considerations” above. In the event that the 
Notes are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Notes are 
Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds 
thereof. 
Material Contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by 
it. 
Corporate Authorities 
The accession of CGMHI to the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors 
of CGMHI on 29 June 2018, as amended on 8 May 2020 and 24 June 2021, and the update of the 
Programme has been duly authorised by certificates of the Notes Committee of CGMHI dated 27 August 
2018, 14 December 2018, 9 July 2019, 8 May 2020 and 8 July 2021. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report. For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s 
material legal and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in Note 15 (as specified above) are 
a part, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K and (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 
Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither CGMHI nor any of its 
subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings

--- Page 157 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
157 
 
that may have had in the twelve months before the date of the CGMHI Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial or trading position of CGMHI and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2020 (the date of the most recently published audited 
annual financial statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2020 (the date 
of the most recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMHI and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 31 December 2020 (the date of the most recently published audited annual financial 
statements of CGMHI) to the date of the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 158 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
158 
 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to 
time (the "Companies Act 1915") for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. 
Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade 
and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 
169.199. CGMFL has been established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms 
of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities in the same group.  
As of 2 July 2021, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million two hundred and six Euro 
(EUR2,000,206) divided into:  
 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) (action de commandité, the 
"Unlimited Share") held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a 
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws 
of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven thousand and five hundred Euro 
(EUR27,500) and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg under 
number B 169.149 (the "Unlimited Shareholder");  
 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, 
the "Limited Shares") held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and (ii) 
by Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML"), a private limited company, incorporated 
under the laws of the United Kingdom, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, registration number 1763297 for 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-eight (1,999,998) Limited 
Shares (the "Limited Shareholders" and together with the Unlimited Shareholder the 
"Shareholders"); and 
 
two hundred and six (206) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value of one Euro 
(EUR1.-) each held by CGML. 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of 
Managers (as defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, 
owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over 
Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL's registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is 
www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such 
website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The amended and restated articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL dated 19 January 2021, 26 February 
2021 and 1 April 2021 (the "Articles") were published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et 
Associations" on 11 May 2021, on 18 May 2021 and on 18 June 2021. The Articles have been further 
amended by a notarial deed dated 16 April 2021 and a notarial deed dated 7 May 2021, which have been 
published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 18 May 2021 and on 18 June 
2021, respectively. The Articles have been further amended by a notarial deed dated 10 June 2021, which 
has not yet been published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as 
manager (the "Corporate Manager").

--- Page 159 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
159 
 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited 
Shareholder being the Corporate Manager (the "Board of Managers") as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Ms. Alberta Brusi, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; 
 
Mr. Vincent Mazzoli, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; 
 
Mr. Jonas Bossau, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg;  
 
Ms. Milka Krasteva, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; and 
 
Mr. Dimba Kier, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
Alberta Brusi is the Citi Country Officer ("CCO") for Luxembourg and Head of Operations and 
Technology for the Benelux cluster. 
She joined Citi in December 1996, in the Italy Financial Control team. She was responsible for the Capital 
Markets business reporting and US legal entity regulatory reporting for Institutional Client Group 
("ICG"). She transferred to Citi London in 2003 and was given the responsibility for ICG Finance 
oversight of Western Europe, comprising eighteen countries with responsibility as Controller for the 
Benelux franchises. In late 2005 she returned to Milan to become Chief of Staff to the Citi Country 
Officer for Italy. In 2012, she expanded her responsibilities and was appointed Chief Administrative 
Officer and Operations and Technology head for the country. 
Alberta Brusi has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classical Literature and a Bachelor of Commerce after 
degree, both from University of Alberta, and Edmonton Canada. 
Alberta Brusi was appointed as Manager on 10 September 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli has been with Citigroup for over 23 years and has had several responsibilities in 
Operations, Investor Services, product, control and governance. He is a member of the EMEA Issuance 
Solutions team within the Equities business. 
Vincent Mazzoli was appointed as Manager on 19 March 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli holds a degree and a master's degree in Finance and Banking from the University of 
Liège (Belgium). 
Jonas Bossau has been with Citi in Luxembourg for over 30 years. 
Since 2008 he has been in charge of the Luxembourg Client Executive team responsible for managing 
one of the largest institutional custody and fund administration clients of Citi in Luxembourg. Jonas was 
instrumental in creating and implementing the Global Custody product offering in Citi Luxembourg. 
Jonas Bossau was appointed as Manager on 20 July 2018 for an unlimited duration. 
Milka Krasteva has been with Citi since 2007, and has held structuring and platform roles across the 
Equities, Multi-Asset and Commodities Markets businesses. She is currently a Director in the Equities 
& Multi-Asset structured products issuance team within the Markets business. Milka holds a First Class 
master's degree in Mathematics from Imperial College London. 
Milka Krasteva was appointed as Manager on 8 March 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi in 2020 and is head of the CGML Treasury team reporting into the UK Treasurer, 
with responsibilities across Liquidity, Capital and Funding for the entity.

--- Page 160 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
160 
 
Dimba Kier joined Citi from Morgan Stanley where he spent 12 years across a number of functions 
within Corporate Treasury including for the last 6 years, where he held the role as EMEA Head of 
Liquidity. Dimba also spent 4 years at Goldman Sachs covering funding and liquidity in the Corporate 
Treasury function. 
Dimba Kier was appointed as Manager on 17 May 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities 
performed by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans 
or other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to 
the same group (e.g. including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt 
instruments, advances, the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure 
the obligations of any entities, through derivatives or otherwise).  
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g. including 
but not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates 
and warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
(a) 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, and 
for the obligations of CGMFL; and 
(b) 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, 
marketing agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration 
agreements and other contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, fiduciary 
agreements, hedging agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements and other 
financial derivative agreements, bank and cash administration agreements, liquidity facility 
agreements, credit insurance agreements and any agreements creating any kind of security 
interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial 
investments or operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its 
objects as well as all operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its 
purpose in all areas described above. 
CGMFL's Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which 
would constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under 
Luxembourg law without due authorisation under Luxembourg law. 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore 
competes in any market in which the Group has a presence.  
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 2 July 2021, CGMFL has a share capital of two million two hundred and six Euro (EUR2,000,206), 
represented by two million two hundred and six (206) shares, divided into (i) one million nine hundred 
ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited Shares, (ii) one (1) Unlimited Share 
and (iii) two hundred and six (206) classes of limited preference shares (the "Preference Shares"), each

--- Page 161 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
161 
 
having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1). 500,000 of the limited shares and all the unlimited share 
have been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have been fully paid up, for an amount of five hundred 
and twenty one thousand eighty six Euro and sixty eight cents (EUR521,086.68). 
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Share 
Subscription 
Price in Euro 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
 
 
1 
 
0.25 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited 
1,999,998 
- 
 
499,999.50 
 
- 
- 
206 
21,086.68 
Total Shares/Subscription 
Price 
1,999,999 
1 
206 
521,086.68 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Capitalisation 
EUR 2,000,206 
 
 
 
 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR100,000.-) represented by a 
maximum of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR1) each and which may be divided into different classes. As of 2 July 2021, ninety-nine 
thousand nine hundred and forty six Euro (EUR99,946) of such authorised capital remains available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d'entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL's approved statutory auditor (réviseur d'enterprises agréé) is KPMG Luxembourg Société 
Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S.à.r.l), incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, 
having its registered office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the 
Register of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B 149 133 ("KPMG Luxembourg"), who has been re-appointed for a 
period of five (5) years until the 2022 audit, by a resolution of the sole shareholder of CGMFL dated 3 
May 2018. KPMG Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
CGMFL's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal 
year that started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012. 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed 
an unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report.  
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It 
is, therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were 
prepared in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance 
with the Articles and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
the Shareholders.

--- Page 162 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
162 
 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL 
will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg, as described in 
the section entitled "Documents Available for Inspection". 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme or the Citi Regulation 
S Warrant Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary 
course of its business.  
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other forms 
of funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and may be 
used to finance CGMFL itself. 
In connection with the acquisition by an investor of Notes issued by CGMFL under this Base Prospectus, 
an affiliate of CGMFL may provide product and sales services to investors ("Services"). Each affiliate 
provides such Services on its own behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates 
(including CGMFL and any such affiliates of CGMFL) have previously agreed to share revenue in 
respect of any Notes issued by CGMFL based on the respective contributions by such companies, 
including the provision by such affiliate(s) of Services. Accordingly, a portion of the revenue received 
by CGMFL in respect of the Notes is allocable to such affiliate(s) and is received by CGMFL on behalf 
of such affiliate(s).  For a list of affiliates providing Services in specific countries, please see 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf. 
Notes may be issued by CGMFL as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or Notes for which it is CGMFL's 
intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green 
Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports the relevant Issuer's 
sustainable progress strategy, as further described under "Green Bonds" in "Investment Considerations" 
above. In the event that the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify that the Notes are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the 
intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Notes by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the issuance 
of the Notes have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the Corporate 
Manager of CGMFL among others, on 26 June 2013, 24 September 2013, 24 September 2014, 
25 September 2015, 16 December 2015, 7 December 2016, 14 December 2017, 21 November 2018, 
10 December 2018, 17 July 2019, 26 June 2020 and 5 July 2021. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the 
documents referenced above, CGMFL has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings that may have had, in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus, 
a significant effect on CGMFL's financial position or profitability nor, so far as CGMFL is aware, are 
any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGMFL since 31 December 
2020 (the date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements) and there has been no 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGMFL since 31 December 2020 (the 
date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements).

--- Page 163 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
163 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMFL since 31 December 2020 
(the date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements) to the date of the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus. 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML  
On 11 May 2017 CGML granted a guarantee (the form of which is set out in Section E.5 on pages 166 
to 170 below) under which CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all sums 
payable by CGMFL in respect of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether 
present or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with 
all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant 
liability (the "All Monies Guarantee"). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to 
mandatorily preferred debts under applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of CGML. 
While the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under 
its Notes, the All Monies Guarantee does not materially change the position of Noteholders as all 
obligations of CGMFL in connection with the Notes are already guaranteed by CGML under the existing 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not affect in 
any way, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or CGML's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 164 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
164 
 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") is a private company limited by shares and was 
incorporated in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and 
Wales including the Companies Act and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7986 
4000. The registration number of CGML is 01763297 on the register maintained by Companies House. 
The website of CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no 
information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
Position at CGML 
Diana Lancaster Taylor 
Director 
James David Kempster Bardrick 
Director (CEO) 
Leonardo Arduini 
Director 
Cyrus Ardalan 
Director (Chairman) 
Francis Michael Mannion 
Director 
Deepak Jain 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
Director 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
Director 
Alexander Rjin Wynaendts 
Director 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between 
any duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other 
duties. There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are 
significant with respect to CGML.  
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as 
a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodity markets, as 
well as providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It 
is headquartered in London, and operates globally. CGML is authorised and regulated by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority ("PRA") and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"). 
Corporate Governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England 
regarding corporate governance. 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders 
As at 30 June 2020, the fully paid up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$1,499,626,620 made up of 
1,499,626,620 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each.

--- Page 165 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
165 
 
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas 
Limited (100 per cent.) which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated 
group of shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly 
or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Auditor of CGML 
CGML's auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. 
KPMG LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG are members of the UK's chartered 
accountants' professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants' Hall, Moorgate Place, London EC2R 
6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 10 April 2019 and 24 
April 2020. 
Material Contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by 
CGMFL. 
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the 
documents referenced above, CGML is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
CGML is aware) in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGML or 
CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGML or CGML and its 
subsidiaries as a whole since 30 June 2020 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim 
financial statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGML 
or CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2019 (the date of its most recently published 
audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGML and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 30 June 2020 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) 
to the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 166 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
166 
 
SECTION E.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 May 2017 by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the 
Guarantor) in favour of each Beneficiary (as defined below). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As defined herein: 
"Beneficiary" means any person who is owed any sum or amount which is due and payable by 
CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability; 
"CGMFL" means Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.; 
"Liabilities" means all the liabilities of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether 
present or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) 
together with all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in 
connection with the relevant liability; and 
"Taxes" includes all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, 
deductions charges, fees and withholdings, in each case as imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the United Kingdom, together with interest thereon and penalties with respect thereto (if any). 
Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Headings are for 
convenience of reference only. 
2. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way 
of deed poll to each Beneficiary that if, for any reason, CGMFL does not pay any sum payable 
by it to such Beneficiary under or in respect of any Liability including any premium or any other 
amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under the 
foregoing as and when the same shall become due and payable under any of the foregoing, the 
Guarantor will duly and promptly pay to such Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary 
the sum or the amount payable by CGMFL to or for such Beneficiary.  
3. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR 
Without affecting CGMFL's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Deed of 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will 
not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver 
or consent at any time given to CGMFL or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Liability 
or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on 
CGMFL or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of 
any Liability or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such 
security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of CGMFL or any other person, (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability 
of or any defect in any provision of any Liability or any of CGMFL's obligations under or in 
respect of a Liability or (h) any other act, event or omission which but for this sub-Clause might 
operate to discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the 
Guarantor herein or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or 
any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law). 
4. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are irrevocable and are and will 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security in respect of any outstanding 
Liabilities. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Beneficiary,

--- Page 167 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
167 
 
whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and 
demands whatsoever. 
5. 
REPAYMENT TO CGMFL 
If any payment or amount received by a Beneficiary is, on the subsequent liquidation or 
insolvency of CGMFL, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such 
payment will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor 
and this Deed of Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or amount had at all times 
remained owing by CGMFL. 
6. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees 
that any sum amount expressed to be payable by CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability 
but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to CGMFL, the 
Guarantor or any Beneficiary) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee 
will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary subject as provided herein. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this 
Deed of Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Beneficiary. 
7. 
STATUS OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of each Beneficiary from 
time to time and for the time being, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this 
Deed of Guarantee against the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the Guarantor under this 
Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
8. 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONAL 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall 
be conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Guarantor or any 
other person on the Guarantor's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating 
to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar laws of general application for the time being 
in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from 
the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred PROVIDED 
THAT such recovery is not contrary to any law applicable thereto. 
9. 
NO PRIOR ACTION REQUIRED 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies 
conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of CGMFL; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against CGMFL; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of CGMFL, 
and the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of 
dishonour in respect of each Liability. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF GUARANTOR'S RIGHTS 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums and or amounts are or may be owed by CGMFL 
under or in respect of the Liabilities or CGMFL is under any other actual or contingent

--- Page 168 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
168 
 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of CGMFL's obligations under or in respect 
of the Liabilities; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the Liabilities 
by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against CGMFL in respect of amounts paid by 
the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee shall be 
made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of all Taxes. All Taxes in respect 
of this Deed of Guarantee and payments thereunder shall be for the account of and shall be paid 
by the Guarantor for its own account prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto. If the 
Guarantor is compelled by law to make payment subject to any Tax and a Beneficiary does not 
actually receive for its own benefit on the due date the full amount provided for hereunder, the 
Guarantor will pay all necessary additional amounts to ensure receipt by the Beneficiary of the 
full amount so provided for. The Guarantor will indemnify each Beneficiary in respect of all 
such Taxes. 
12. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Beneficiary that it has all 
corporate power, and that it has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to 
execute, deliver and perform this Deed of Guarantee, and that this Deed of Guarantee constitutes 
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
13. 
NO SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM 
All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee will be calculated and 
be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
14. 
PRODUCTION OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of, and the 
right of every Beneficiary to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Deed 
of Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it 
contained herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Beneficiary, and 
that each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the 
Guarantor. 
15. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest 
and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with 
the execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary 
against any claim, demand, action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without 
limitation, legal fees and any applicable value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising 
out of or in relation to any failure to pay or delay in paying any of the same. 
16. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision thereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

--- Page 169 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
169 
 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in 
writing (by letter) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, El4 5LB 
England 
Attention: 
Company Secretary 
or to such other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor 
has notified to the Beneficiaries. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 17 shall be 
effective upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the 
place of the Guarantor or after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 
10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
this Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
19. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Deed of Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
20. 
JURISDICTION 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating 
to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 170 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
170 
 
IN WITNESS whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed of Guarantee to be duly executed on the day 
and year first above mentioned. 
 
Executed as a deed 
by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
acting by 
) 
) 
) 
acting under the authority of that 
company, in the presence of: 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 171 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (Citigroup Inc.) 
 
171 
 
SECTION E.6 ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. 
CITIGROUP INC. 2020 FORM 10-K 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures ("APMs"). For 
further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the 
nearest equivalent U.S. GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
(FX 
Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX Translation provides a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses 
Pages 6, 7, 8, 22, 23, 25, 29, 
30, 93, 97 and 104 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of 
Tax Reform 
Citi believes the presentation of the 
results excluding the impact of Tax 
Reform 
provides 
a 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals 
of 
its 
businesses 
Pages 48 and 128 
Tangible Common Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per 
Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of capital 
strength and performance that are 
commonly used by investors and 
industry analysts 
Pages 15, 48 and 128 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of 
Gains/(Losses) on Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gains/(losses) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses 
Pages 8, 28 and 29 
Institutional Clients Group 
Markets 
Net 
Interest 
Revenue 
and 
non-
Institutional Clients Group 
Markets 
Net 
Interest 
Revenue 
Citi believes presentation of these 
measures 
provides 
a 
meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its lending, investing 
and deposit raising businesses. 
Page 104

--- Page 172 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (Citigroup Inc.) 
 
172 
 
CITIGROUP INC. 2021 Q1 FORM 10-Q 
The Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs). For 
further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the 
nearest equivalent U.S. GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 
Form 10-Q Page Reference 
for Basis of Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives to Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
(FX 
Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX Translation provides a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 15, 17, 
20, 21, 58, 61 and 67 
Tangible Common Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per 
Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures 
of 
capital strength and performance that 
are commonly used by investors and 
industry analysts 
Pages 7, 35 and 65 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of 
Gains/(Losses) 
on 
Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gains/(losses) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful depiction 
for investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses 
Pages 4, 19 and 20 
ICG markets net interest 
revenues and net interest 
revenue 
excluding 
ICG 
Markets 
Citi believes these measures provide a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its business results 
Page 67

--- Page 173 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor) 
 
173 
 
SECTION E.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2018 ANNUAL REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliatio
n with 
financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use 
of APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliation
s for 
correspondin
g previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report: 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" in 
the Income 
Statement 
Sum of 
"Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" in 
the Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/sum
mary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGML 2017 
Annual Report 
and was 
calculated in 
the same 
manner

--- Page 174 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor) 
 
174 
 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2019 ANNUAL REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report: 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/ 
summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGML 
2018 
Annual Report 
and 
was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 175 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor) 
 
175 
 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2020 INTERIM REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Report: 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/ 
summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
the 
Interim 
Management 
Report in the 
CGML 
2019 
Annual Report 
and 
was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 176 ---
General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes 
 
176 
 
SECTION F – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES

--- Page 177 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
177 
 
SECTION F.1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
The Notes may be Notes which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which pay a 
fixed amount on redemption, and/or securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on such 
securities and/or, in the case of DIR Inflation Linked Notes in respect of which a DIR Inflation Linked 
Redemption Amount is applicable, the redemption amount payable in respect of such securities) is linked 
to one or more Underlyings. This section provides information in respect of certain product features 
and/or characteristics which may have an effect on the return on the Notes. Investors should note that the 
product features and/or characteristics and their effect on the return on the Notes as described in this 
Section are not intended to be exhaustive. Investors should also read the risk factors set out in Section B 
above and the Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Notes may or may not be expressed to bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes 
are expressed to bear interest, then amounts in respect of interest due under the Notes will be determined 
by reference to the applicable inflation rate, fixed rate, floating rate, CMS rate, forward rate or variable 
rate (which may be determined by reference to the relevant Underlying(s)).  
Whether interest is due or not and the amount of interest due may be determined by reference to a formula 
and the performance of any applicable inflation rate, floating rate, CMS rate, variable rate or the relevant 
Underlying(s). Depending on such factors, it is possible that no amount in respect of interest shall be 
paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. You should review the Conditions to determine which 
provisions and features apply to the relevant Notes. 
Features which determine interest amounts due in respect of Notes linked to the performance of 
relevant rates and/or Underlying(s)  
Where the Notes are linked to the performance of relevant rate(s) and/or the specified Underlying(s), 
then certain features of such Notes (as described below) may determine amounts due thereunder. You 
must ensure that you read and understand the relevant provisions in respect of the Notes as these will 
dictate the amount of the interest payments and whether such amounts are paid.  
Specific features 
 
Caps, floors, collars and participation rates or multipliers 
Certain formulae for determining amounts due under the Notes may be subject to one or a 
combination of the following features: 
 
A maximum amount (a cap) 
 
A minimum amount (a floor)  
 
A maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
 
One or more participation rates or multipliers 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the 
performance of the relevant rate(s) and/or Underlying(s) and the application of such features 
may result in the calculation being subject to a minimum and/or maximum amount or otherwise 
increasing or decreasing the amount that would otherwise have been calculated had no such 
feature(s) been applicable. 
The value of or movements in the value of the relevant rate or Underlying will be magnified 
where a participation rate or multiplier applies and may therefore result in greater increases or 
decreases in the amount of interest payable than if no participation rate applied.

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
178 
 
 
Absolute value: 
Certain formulae for determining amounts due under the Notes may make reference to an 
"absolute value", meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, will 
be determined as if it were a positive number. 
 
FX performance: 
An "fx performance" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under 
the Notes, meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account the performance or 
change in value of a specified fx rate from a specified initial valuation date to a specified final 
valuation date. In such case, amounts due in respect of the Notes will also be linked to the 
performance of the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such exchange rate 
could negate any positive performance of relevant rate(s) or other applicable Underlying(s). 
 
Reserve Coupon 
A "reserve coupon" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under 
the Notes, meaning that, subject as provided in the Conditions, interest amounts which are 
greater than the reserve coupon rate being capped and the excess amounts being applied to "top 
up" later interest amounts up to a maximum of the reserve coupon rate. 
 
Global interest floor: 
A "global interest floor" may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Notes, meaning that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes shall not be less 
than the floor amount. In such case, if the total amount of interest paid in respect of the Notes 
prior to the application of the global interest floor provisions is less than the floor amount, the 
difference between such total amount of interest and the floor amount shall be paid on the final 
interest payment date in respect of the Notes. 
 
Global interest cap: 
A "global interest cap" may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Notes, meaning that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes shall not be 
greater than the cap amount. In such case, if the total amount of interest paid in respect of the 
Notes prior to the application of the global interest cap provisions is greater than the cap amount, 
the interest amount payable in respect of the relevant interest payment date shall be capped such 
that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes in respect of each interest 
payment date up to (and including) the relevant interest payment date does not exceed the cap 
amount and no further interest will be payable in respect of the Notes after such date. This will 
decrease the amount that would have been payable had such cap not been applied and will result 
in no interest being paid in respect of the Notes after the cap has been reached. 
 
Restructuring feature 
A "restructure" feature may apply to the Notes meaning that a Noteholder holding all of the 
outstanding Notes may make a valid request that the Issuer restructure the interest basis relating 
to such Notes. If the Noteholder accepts the restructure rate (which may be a fixed, floating or 
variable rate) proposed by the Issuer, the interest basis of such Notes will be changed for the 
relevant interest payment dates. A fee may be payable by the Noteholder in respect of the 
relevant restructuring and there may be a maximum number of restructures. 
 
Switcher feature 
A "Switcher Option" may apply to the Notes, meaning that the Notes may bear interest at a rate 
that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another specified rate. The 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing for the Issuer.

--- Page 179 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
179 
 
 
Lock-in change of interest basis 
A "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" may apply to the Notes, meaning that the interest basis in 
respect of the Notes will change on the occurrence of one or more lock-in event(s) as provided 
therein. 
 
Dual Currency Notes 
If the Notes are Dual Currency Notes, then amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be 
determined by converting all amounts due under the Notes from the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated into the payment currency by multiplying such amounts due by the Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant specified valuation date. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" and, following 
satisfaction of the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, a Mandatory Early Redemption Event shall 
occur, the Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become payable and 
no further amount shall be payable in respect of such Notes afer the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
In this case, you are subject to a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in 
such Notes with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Notes. 
If any Notes are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited to 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or any 
other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will not benefit from any 
movement in the value of relevant Underlying(s) or other reference factors relating to the Notes that may 
occur during the period between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Where the "Rollerball MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date in respect of which the relevant rollerball 
reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
equal to or above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(c) 
equal to or below the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(d) 
below the specified rollerball barrier. 
A rollerball reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate or (iv) an FX Rate. 
A rollerball barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) an FX Rate, (vi) the sum of more 
than one rate or (vii) one rate minus another rate. 
Where the "TARN MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date on which the total interest payable in respect 
of the Notes (including the interest payable in respect of the interest payment date falling on or about 
such mandatory early redemption date) is equal to or greater than, the TARN Rate specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified to be an amount which is greater than your 
initial investment in the Notes, then you should note that you will lose all or part of your investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. During any

--- Page 180 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
180 
 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Redemption amount due on the maturity date  
A fixed redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date. Such amount shall 
not be linked to the performance of any Underlying, unless the Notes are Dual Currency Notes or DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes in respect of which a DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is applicable. 
Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
Credit Events  
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events ("Credit Events") have occurred in 
respect of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, 
borrowed money) and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, 
governing law). Whereas bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other 
Credit Events, such as failure to pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and 
only in the case of a restructuring credit event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" applies in the relevant Issue Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of the 
Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, to occur. Depending 
on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the Reference Entity acts in a capacity 
other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may not be within the class of 
obligations that is relevant for purposes of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred. Investors 
should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only certain classes of its 
obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the classes of 
obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and 
independently evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and/or interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor, but the investor shall be exposed to all losses incurred (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected

--- Page 181 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
181 
 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the payment of Contingent Interest only (and not any 
Non-Contingent Interest or principal) is contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in respect of the 
Reference Entity. Accordingly, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to the Reference Entity, this will not 
result in full or partial redemption of such Notes; however, such Notes will cease to accrue Contingent 
Interest (in full or in part) as detailed below. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest (in full or in part) will cease to accrue on a specified 
portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes depending on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies 
in the relevant Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) will cease from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on Default" is 
applicable, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will cease to 
accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest (or, in respect of Credit 
Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted 
in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement, or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published 
or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting 
to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest (or, in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable, had occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise 
occurred and where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming 
that fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods 
and no liability will attach to the Issue for any such non-payment of interest.

--- Page 182 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
182 
 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will otherwise continue 
to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to occur of any full redemption 
at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Non-Contingent Interest will also continue to be payable in full on the Notes. Where "Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.   
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event. Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has 
suffered an actual loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not 
obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity 
or its obligations. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes.  Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
Investors should note that a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date may result in a 
Credit Event being triggered under the Credit Linked Notes as the Credit Linked Notes have a "Credit 
Event Backstop Date", which is a look-back period of 60 calendar days from the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed 
to Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as the 
Credit Linked Notes have a similar "Successor Backstop Date", which is a look-back period of 90 
calendar days prior to the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee (or, if applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant 
succession) is applicable for purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should 
note that a Credit Event or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. Where on or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one relevant obligation) of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in 
circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and 
has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of 
the assumption (such entity, a "Universal Successor"), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not 
apply.

--- Page 183 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
183 
 
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions may occur but where issues 
are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not impact the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation Agent (where applicable).   
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
reference obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the "Standard Reference Obligation" or 
"SRO") when such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such publication any 
non-standard reference obligation set out in the relevant Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be the 
reference obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference 
Obligation are contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by 
ISDA (www.isda.org or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time 
in accordance with the terms thereof (the "SRO Rules"). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only 
be replaced by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain 
circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is 
redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial 
Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms and where Mod R or Mod Mod R applies, 
if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one year remaining maturity and a replacement 
Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity bucket, amongst others) after performing 
the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or one or more of their 
respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a substitution event occurs. The 
Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, if any. Where 
certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set out in the 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference 
obligation is redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts 
under the said obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, asset package delivery provisions may apply in respect of a 
Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a "Governmental Intervention" Credit 
Event has occurred or (ii) if "Restructuring" is an applicable Credit Event, a restructuring has occurred 
in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, and such restructuring does not 
constitute a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event. Asset package delivery options may also apply 
in respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package observable bond if Package 
Observable Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the sovereign, exist. Following a 
"Governmental Intervention" Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference obligation, in each case in 
respect of a Financial Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns subject to restructuring of a 
package observable bond, provided that there was an existing obligation of the Reference Entity which, 
immediately prior to the relevant event constituted a deliverable obligation (a "Prior Deliverable 
Obligation" in the case of a Financial Reference Entity and "Package Observable Bond" in the case of

--- Page 184 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
184 
 
certain sovereigns), the assets which result from such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond can be used for purposes of redeeming the Credit Linked Notes (such redemption 
"Asset Package Delivery").   
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
that triggered redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign 
and "Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant 
Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA or any other 
successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been 
converted into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in 
part (such that it becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to 
deliver, but in any event, there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding 
Principal Balance immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed 
to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation will be deemed 
to have been satisfied in full. For purposes of Asset Package Delivery, the asset package for any holder 
of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond will consist of all of the assets 
in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with the Asset Package Credit Event. 
The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or retained by such a holder. If 
the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market conditions) or is not of the 
type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset shall be deemed to be 
an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the calculation agent by reference to an 
appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of 
such cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category 
(Bond and/or Loan) and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring remains a good deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical 
Redemption save that unlike in the case of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance 
will not be deemed to be such outstanding principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but 
will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, 
the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable obligations in order to meet the outstanding 
principal balance requirements for delivery. 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms and M(M)R Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable 
obligations which qualify for inclusion on the Final List or for "Physical Redemption" must not only 
meet the specific deliverability obligation category or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of 
its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss suffered by an investor will depend on the recovery (expressed 
as a percentage) for the relevant deliverables. Longer dated obligations are subjected to lower recovery 
in comparison with the shorter dated obligations. Where the Calculation Agent determines in respect of 
an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred in certain circumstances, 
it may elect (in its sole and absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the 
Issuer in order for redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount being 
determined by reference to a "Parallel Auction" identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to

--- Page 185 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
185 
 
Exercise Movement Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to 
accommodate "Auction Redemption". Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an 
investor will depend on the recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular 
"Parallel Auction".   
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit 
Linked Interest Notes, the amounts payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the 
basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (available at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website)). In respect of specified obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an 
auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction 
process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the 
auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The 
administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the 
risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods. 
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability 
criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible 
to accomplish under some circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified 
or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by 
the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or 
delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or

--- Page 186 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
186 
 
permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which 
may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. 
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms , provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting  
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are  met, being  (i) the Outstanding  Principal  Balance  of  an  obligation  is  not  reduced  or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and  the  principal  redemption  amount  or  principal  repayment  amount,  as  applicable.  
Further  details relating to determinations as to whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation in the context of exchanges 
are set out in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer

--- Page 187 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
187 
 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
The Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package to pay cash instead to 
investors the asset market value" of any non delivered asset package converted if necessary, into the 
currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market value may be determined by the 
Calculation Agent based on any specialised valuation or methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a value obtained as though 
Cash Redemption were to apply on a Valuation Date selected by the Calculation Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to 
attempt to continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery 
is not completed in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances 
when the event affecting Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior 
to the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria.  
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the relevant Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then, except for Credit Linked Interest Notes, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, 
any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which

--- Page 188 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
188 
 
would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value 
that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the 
selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations 
are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a particular 
determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred 
loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure 
to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by 
a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following 
a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset 
Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which 
it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a 
Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), then, except for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being 
materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Investors should note that Fixed Recovery Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly will 
bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur 
solely because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
or Issue Date or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their 
own investigation as to the existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the 
purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is 
within the contemplated objectives of the investor.  
Early redemption, merger event redemption and redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, investors 
should note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit

--- Page 189 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
189 
 
Linked Notes) may be redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or the Issuer 
and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, investors 
should note that the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution 
Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will 
pay to investors, as  holder of such Notes, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the Credit 
Linked Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or 
higher than the initial investment in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be 
substantially less than such initial investment. 
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an 
event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, payable to Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the Risk Events) in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly 
to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability

--- Page 190 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
190 
 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index CDS and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the Reference Entities included in the 
index underlying the index CDS (the component CDSs). Where the Issuer is the protection seller under 
the index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the 
combined positions reflects the difference (the skew) between the value of the index CDS and the 
aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew  
Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate 
Payer Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual 
payments will be due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the 
application of payment netting.   
The value of an index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the index CDS 
the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) 
factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, inter alia, the difference between the pricing of 
credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid

--- Page 191 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
191 
 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early, 
a termination payment would be determined in respect of the each constituent transaction within the 
relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result in 
an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Early 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Noteholders being reduced further if the Issuer is 
required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if 
the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the 
extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website). 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes is 
the DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount, the redemption amount due in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date shall be determined by reference to movements in the applicable inflation index.

--- Page 192 ---
General Information relating to the Issue of Notes under this Base Prospectus 
 
192 
 
SECTION F.2 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to trading on 'Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the MoT or any other relevant market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A., but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of 
issue of any Notes or at all. 
Application may be made for the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date 
of issue of any Notes or at all.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on Euronext Dublin's Global Exchange Market. Euronext Dublin's Global Exchange 
Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can 
be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as 
the case may be, or at all. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading on 
the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the Italian Stock Exchange 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States. 
The Issuer may make an application for any Notes issued by it in registered form to be accepted 
for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Notes will be set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
The Issuer may make an application for clearance of Notes through Euroclear Sweden and 
Euroclear Finland. The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, 101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden, the address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland Ltd., Visiting 
Address, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, PO Box 1110 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
4. 
None of the Issuers and Guarantors will provide any post issuance information, except if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc.: 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31

--- Page 193 ---
General Information relating to the Issue of Notes under this Base Prospectus 
 
193 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
6. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Guarantors is as follows: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (i.e. the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493 
Citigroup Inc. (i.e. the CGMHI Guarantor): 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
7. 
Information relating to the past and future performance and volatility of any relevant Underlying 
is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, 
including the relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
8. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest 
Linked Notes is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed 
sources, including the Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating 
Rate Option (or any relevant Electronic Page), in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 194 ---
Issue of Notes 
 
194 
 
SECTION F.3 – ISSUE OF NOTES 
 Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series"). The Notes of each Series are 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having different issue dates but the 
terms otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 195 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
195 
 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
Subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, the Notes of each Series will 
be in registered form. Registered Notes may be offered and sold either outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of 
Registered Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, within the United States to QIBs (as defined 
below) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). 
Notes (that are not Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes) and are Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
in offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the 
United States, will be represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (a "Regulation 
S Global Registered Note Certificate"). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate may not be offered, sold or transferred at any time in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in 
the Register. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, which will be issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, may only be offered and sold in private transactions to "qualified 
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A ("QIBs"). The Registered Notes of each Tranche 
sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate (a "Rule 144A 
Global Registered Note Certificate" and, together with a Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the "Global Registered Note Certificates"), and beneficial interests therein may not be 
offered, sold or otherwise transferred at any time except to a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for 
its account or for the account of one or more QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Global Registered Note Certificates will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Registered 
Note Certificate is to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the "NSS") a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper"), as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Note Certificates will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered Note Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Note 
Certificate is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Global Registered Note Certificate are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for 
a Global Registered Note Certificate held under the NSS will be either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Rule 144A Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Swedish Notes 
Swedish Notes will be issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with 
the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the "SFIA Act"),

--- Page 196 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
196 
 
other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Sweden. Swedish Notes will not be issued in definitive or global form. 
Swedish Notes will be registered in a register kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Swedish Securities Register") and payments of principal, interest or any other amounts on Swedish 
Notes will be made by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer to the persons registered as holders of 
such Swedish Notes in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking Day prior to the 
due date of the relevant payment. 
Finnish Notes 
Finnish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts, (Fin. 
laki arvo osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) other applicable Finnish legislation and the rules and 
regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. Finnish Notes will not be issued in 
definitive form. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered 
Note Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Note 
Certificate and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate, 
DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and 
procedures, any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described herein. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the 
beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor to the holder of such Global Registered Note 
Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer in respect thereof will be discharged by payment to the holder 
of such Global Registered Note Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchanges 
Exchange of Global Registered Note Certificates 
A Global Registered Note Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Note Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.

--- Page 197 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
197 
 
An "Exchange Event" means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is 
continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available; or 
(c) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the 
Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing 
agency registered under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Note Certificate in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs 
(a) to (d) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange 
shall occur no later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Note Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Deeds of Covenant in respect of English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) 
In relation to English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes), where any Note is 
represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and (a) the Global Registered Note Certificate (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes or the 
Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to 
the holder of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate through the relevant Clearing 
System(s) on such date, or (b) following an Exchange Event, the Global Registered Note Certificate is 
not duly exchanged for Registered Note Certificates in definitive form by the date provided in the Global 
Registered Note Certificate, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date each holder of an interest 
in such Global Registered Note Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) will become entitled 
to proceed directly against the Issuer on, and subject to, the terms of the relevant Deeds of Covenant, the 
relevant registered holder will have no further rights under the Global Registered Note Certificate (but 
without prejudice to the rights any person may have under the relevant Deed of Covenant). 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, Euroclear Sweden and/or 
Euroclear Finland shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 198 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
198 
 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden or Euroclear Finland 
(together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof, except that the 
Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as far as the 
Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain from information published by the relevant 
Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, and any other party to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement or the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, as the case may be, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held 
through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member 
of the Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC 
also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such 
as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company 
for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which 
are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries. Access to the 
DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together with Direct Participants, "Participants"). More 
information about DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as 
described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The 
DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the 
DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments 
on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the 
requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments 
and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.

--- Page 199 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
199 
 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their 
purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the 
transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect 
Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership 
interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their 
ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC 
Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co, or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name 
of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of 
the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the 
Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC 
Notes unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its 
usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. 
The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee 
as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer 
or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of 
DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. 
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as 
may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the 
Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and 
disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which 
it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which will be 
legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a 
mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred 
by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to 
the relevant agent's DTC account.

--- Page 200 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
200 
 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that 
a successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to 
DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is authorised and regulated 
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a central securities 
depository within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012, the SFIA Act and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish Securities 
Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)).  
Swedish Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with 
Euroclear Sweden. No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, 
temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish Notes. All transactions relating to 
the Swedish Notes (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and 
redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect 
such entries holders must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
acting as an account operator at Euroclear Sweden. More information regarding Euroclear Sweden and 
its 
rules 
and 
operating 
procedures 
can 
be 
found 
at 
its 
internet 
web 
site 
at 
http://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland, a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies, is authorised and regulated as 
a central securities deposit within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Euroclear Finland holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its account holders. Euroclear Finland 
offers clearing and settlement of securities denominated in EUR through one of its systems. The systems 
support different types of securities, equities and interest-bearing cash instruments as well as the 
respective derivatives. Euroclear Finland does not act as a qualified intermediary.

--- Page 201 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
201 
 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global 
Registered Note Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the 
respective principal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Registered 
Note Certificate to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global 
Registered Note Certificate will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in 
the case of any Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, the respective depositories of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, 
records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the 
records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate 
accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. 
In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Global Registered Note Certificate in the currency in which such payment was made 
and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the 
applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any Agent. Payment of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Global Registered Note Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate within Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions 
described herein. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented 
by a Global Registered Note Certificate to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants 
in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an 
interest in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC to pledge such 
Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in 
respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC 
to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such 
Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on 
the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, 
on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through 
action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Global 
Registered Note Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between

--- Page 202 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
202 
 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). 
The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Note Certificates among 
participants and accountholders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. However, they 
are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor the Agents and any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their Direct Participants or Indirect Participants or 
accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will 
any of them have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Global Registered Note Certificates or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST) 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Notes will be accepted for settlement 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) ("CREST"). 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Notes may be delivered, held 
and settled in CREST by means of the creation of CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) representing the 
interests in the relevant Notes. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository Limited (the "CREST 
Depository") to investors ("CDI Holders") and will be governed by English Law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or 
any other body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the "CREST 
Nominee") in the relevant Notes. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST 
with its users and Participants (the "CREST Manual"), Notes held in global form by a common 
depositary may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will 
be independent securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through 
CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs 
to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Note, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository 
will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the relevant Notes 
on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository 
notices of meetings of holders of the relevant Notes and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL). 
Transfers of interests in Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Notes to the 
account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Notes and will not require a separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (the "CREST Deed Poll") 
to be entered into by the CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the 
arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) including the 
CREST Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as defined 
below)) executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of 
Notes which are not represented by CDIs.

--- Page 203 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
203 
 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement of the CDIs by 
means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI 
Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Notes. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Notes and represent an indirect interest in such Notes. 
(b) 
The relevant Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such 
Notes) will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant Notes 
through a clearing system. Rights in the relevant Notes will be held through custodial and 
depository links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the relevant Notes 
or to interests in such Notes will depend on the rules of the clearing system in or through which 
the relevant Notes are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through 
the intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights under 
the relevant Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. The 
rights of CDI Holders to the relevant Notes are represented by the entitlements against the 
CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the relevant Notes. 
This could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been 
made in respect of the relevant Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the relevant Notes held in clearing systems are not held in 
special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on 
behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed 
Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of, or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 8 December 2020 as 
amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST International 
Manual") and the CREST Rules dated 15 January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the "CREST Rules") (which, in each case, form part of the 
CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the CREST Depository. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0)20 7849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL), any Dealer, any distributor, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or

--- Page 204 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
204 
 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 205 ---
ERISA Matters 
 
205 
 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of "plan assets" of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to 
ERISA ("ERISA Plans") and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans and other 
arrangements that are not subject to ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), and certain 
entities in which Plans invest, from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons 
who are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Code with 
respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain "look-
through" provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets 
of the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each 
of the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An 
"equity interest" is defined under the applicable rules as any interest in an entity other than an instrument 
treated as indebtedness under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features. No assurance 
can be given that the Notes will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes. The look-through 
rule would not apply if the Notes or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under the rule. If a 
Plan were to acquire an interest in the Notes, and no exception to the look-through rule were to apply, 
the Issuer could be regarded as a plan asset entity and its assets and transactions could be attributed to 
the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having improperly delegated to the 
Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan's assets, and the transactions and holdings of the 
Issuer might result in violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans ("Non-ERISA 
Arrangements") are not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar 
rules under other applicable laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Notes may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
or any party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser 
or subsequent transferee of the Notes or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by its 
purchase or holding of the Notes or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 206 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
206 
 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealership Agreement dated 
11 December 2020, (as further amended, supplemented and/or restated, the "Dealership Agreement") 
between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, 
the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the Dealership Agreement), the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Notes in specified jurisdictions directly to the 
public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agent of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising under the 
Securities Act. The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers and the 
Arranger or any of them by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor or, in relation to itself and Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, by any Dealer or the Arranger, at any time on giving not less than ten days' notice. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior 
to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Notes or any beneficial interest therein, by its acquisition or acceptance thereof, will 
be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined 
in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
(a) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold in 
reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser is 
outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; or (b) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that such purchaser is a "qualified institutional buyer" (a "QIB"), purchasing (or 
holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware 
that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
that the Notes and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction 
not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, 
and that the Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. State securities laws 
and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below with respect to Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(iii) 
(a) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold in 
reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser will 
not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof; and (b) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
such purchaser will not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein at any time other than to (1) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (2) a person it reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more

--- Page 207 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
207 
 
QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes or any 
beneficial interest therein from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above; 
(v) 
that Notes offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, and that Notes 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates; 
(vi) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Notes is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" 
of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement 
subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or 
an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations 
substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(vii) 
that the Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, will bear a legend in substantially the 
following form: 
"[NEITHER] THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [HAS 
NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY AT ANY TIME OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF OR (2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; (C) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT, AND 
ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH 
"PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), A 
PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED ("THE 
CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT 
TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE; AND (D) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON TO WHOM AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. THE NOTES [THE CGMHI DEED OF 
GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT] DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN 
MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR 
OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER 
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, 
CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER 
TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING

--- Page 208 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
208 
 
MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
WITH NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST 
IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF 
IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(viii) 
that the Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates will bear a legend in substantially the 
following form: 
"[NEITHER] THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [NOR 
THE CGMFL DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [HAS NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR WILL BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT AT ANY TIME 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS SUCH TERMS 
ARE USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), OTHER THAN THE ISSUER 
OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, AND PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES] ON THE NOTES 
MAY NOT BE MADE TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR ANY PERSON WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
CERTIFICATION OF NON-U.S. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP MAY BE REQUIRED AS A 
CONDITION TO RECEIVING ANY PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES]*** ON THE NOTES. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS THAT IT IS 
NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR 
WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), A 
PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED ("THE 
CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT 
TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. THE NOTES [THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [THE 
CGMFL DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT]*** DO NOT CONSTITUTE, 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR 
FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA) AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE 
REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS AND THE SECURITIES ACT."; 
(ix) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, if applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to 
be necessary to verify the accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Issue Terms or otherwise and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated 
with the Dealers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision; and

--- Page 209 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
209 
 
(x) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in principal amount and no Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting 
on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) of Registered Notes. 
United States of America  
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Trading in the Notes has not been 
approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. No issue of Notes may be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, to "qualified institutional buyers" 
("QIBs"), each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws 
of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale 
of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended. Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it, its affiliates (if any) and any person acting on its or their 
behalf (i) have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes at any time within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to 
persons it reasonably believes to be QIBs, each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and (ii) at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes offered in reliance on 
Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or 
person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases such Notes from it a 
confirmation or other notice stating that such distributor, dealer or person is subject to the restrictions on 
offers and sales of such Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
that are set forth herein. 
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person by 
any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) at any time may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs 
pursuant to Rule 144A and each purchaser of such Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers are relying 
on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and 
one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB 
pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other Specified 
Currency). To the extent that Citigroup Inc. is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of 
Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI have agreed to furnish to holders of Notes offered

--- Page 210 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
210 
 
and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon 
request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case may 
be, subscription of such Notes. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in 
compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
CGMFL does not intend to issue, offer or sell any Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. person. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Other than as may be provided in the applicable Issue Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation"); and  
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes in certain 
specified jurisdiction(s) and/or for specified periods of time, then, if "Not Applicable" is so specified, in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA or, if "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is specified 
as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes in certain Member States and/or for specified 
periods of time, in relation to each such Member State and (if applicable) such period(s) of time, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Member State and/or for the specified periods: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 211 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
211 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under this Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, in relation to any offering of Notes to which MiFID II and 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 ("MiFIR") applies, that such offering is in accordance with the applicable 
rules set out in MiFID II (including any applicable national transposition of MiFID II) and MiFIR, 
including that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the Issuer complies with such 
rules. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under this Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, in relation to any offering of Notes to which MiFID II (as 
implemented under domestic law) and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") applies, that such offering is in accordance with the applicable rules 
set out in MiFID II and UK MiFIR, including that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received 
from the Issuer complies with such rules.

--- Page 212 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
212 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Notes with maturities of less than one year: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of 
less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of the 
CGMFL Guarantor, would not if the CGMFL Guarantor was not an authorised person, apply to 
the CGMFL Guarantor;  
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
Commissions and fees: 
(i) 
if it is distributing Notes that are "retail investment products" (as such term is defined 
in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is 
entitled to receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part 
of that commission or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors to purchase 
a Note that is a retail investment product; and 
(ii) 
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide 
investment advice to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice 
to retail investors in respect of a Note that is a retail investment product, it undertakes 
not to request any commission, fee or benefit of any kind from the Issuer and to 
otherwise reject any such payment or benefit offered to it other than in circumstances 
where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the payment of an advisory fee and has the 
express consent of the retail investor to do so. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia) 
in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission ("ASIC"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the applicable Issue 
Terms (or any other supplement to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of 
the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person 
in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia; 
unless:

--- Page 213 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
213 
 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by 
the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require 
disclosure to be made to investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" for the purposes 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other 
regulatory authority in Australia. 
This Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
of Australia or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia. It is not required to, and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be 
required in a disclosure document or a product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia.  This Base Prospectus has not been prepared specifically for Australian investors and 
it: 
 
may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars; 
 
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or 
practices; 
 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and 
 
does not address Australian tax issues. 
Austria 
In addition to the cases described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above, the Notes may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) of the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft), 
all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019, the KMG 2019), 
as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of the 
Notes. 
The Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes 
except on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 or more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or 
a state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state 
pension fund). 
Belgium 
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" above.

--- Page 214 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
214 
 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, investments instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to 
the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated 
markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Prospectus Law")) that do not qualify as 
securities (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), including Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 
months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside the scope of the 
Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to the public, as defined 
in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer 
or sell the Notes to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium. 
Brazil 
Notes have not been and will not be issued or publicly placed, distributed, offered or negotiated in the 
Brazilian capital markets. None of the relevant Issuer and, where CGMHI is the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where CGMFL is the relevant Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor) and the issuance 
of any Notes have been or will be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários ("CVM") 
(Brazilian Securities Commission). Any public offering or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws 
and regulations, of Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law No. 6,385, of 7 
December 1976, as amended, and Instruction No. 400, issued by the CVM on 29 December 2003, as 
amended, or exempt from registration as permitted under Instruction No. 476, issued by the CVM on 16 
January 2009. Documents relating to the offering of any Notes, as well as information contained therein, 
may not be supplied to the public in Brazil (as the offering of any such Notes is not a public offering of 
securities in Brazil), nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of Notes to the 
public in Brazil. Therefore, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell Notes in the Federative Republic of Brazil except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering or distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. 
British Virgin Islands 
An offer of the Notes shall not constitute an offer, invitation or solicitation to any member of the public 
in the British Virgin Islands for purposes of the Notes and Investment Business Act, 2010, of the British 
Virgin Islands. 
Chile  
The Notes issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, by means of a 
"Public Offer" (as defined under Law No. 18.045, as amended (the "Chilean Securities Market Law") 
in Chile or to any resident in Chile, except as permitted by applicable Chilean law. The Notes will not 
be registered under Chilean Securities Market Law with the Financial Markets Commission (Comisión 
para el Mercado Financiero, the "CMF") and, accordingly, the Notes may not and will not be offered or 
sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which do not and will not result in a public offering 
under Chilean law, and in compliance with Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated June 27, 
2012, as amended by Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 452, dated February 22, 2021, both issued 
by the CMF ("CMF Rule 336"). Pursuant to CMF Rule 336, the Notes may be privately offered in Chile 
to certain "qualified investors", identified as such therein (which in turn are further described in Rule No. 
216, dated June 12, 2008, of the CMF), and in compliance with regulations applicable to such investors. 
The following information is provided to prospective investors pursuant to CMF Rule 336:

--- Page 215 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
215 
 
1. 
The Notes are not registered with the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or the Foreign 
Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) kept by the CMF. As a consequence, the 
Notes are not subject to the oversight of the CMF. 
2. 
Since the Notes are not registered in Chile, the Issuer is not obliged to provide public 
information about the Notes in Chile.  
3. 
The Notes shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless registered with the relevant 
securities registry kept by the CMF. 
Colombia  
The Notes cannot and will not be publicly offered in Colombia, but may be "promoted" (as such term is 
defined by Article 4.1.1.1.1. of Decree 2555 of 2010) to a determined, limited number of persons (less 
than 100) in Colombia by the authorised personnel of a firm authorised to execute "promotion" activities 
of foreign securities in Colombia. The Notes have not been and will not be registered on the Colombian 
National Registry of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) or before the 
Colombian Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the distribution of any documentation in regards to the 
Programme will not constitute a public offering of securities. 
Costa Rica 
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendencia General de Valores (Costa 
Rica's General Superintendency of Securities or "SUGEVAL") and, therefore, the Notes are not 
authorised for public offering in Costa Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, commercialised 
and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica. Documents relating to the offering of the Notes, as well as 
information contained therein, may not be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be used in connection with 
any public offering for subscription or sale of the Notes in Costa Rica. 
Czech Republic 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has 
been taken (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech National Bank and the 
admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act of the Czech Republic 
No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the "Czech Capital 
Market Act")) for the purposes of the Notes to qualify as securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market within the meaning of the Czech Capital Market Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Czech Republic through a public 
offering (being a communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for those securities), except if in strict compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Czech Capital Market Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree with the Issuer and each other Dealer that it has complied with and will 
comply with all the requirements of the Czech Capital Market Act and has not taken, and will not take, 
any action which would result in the Notes being deemed to have been issued pursuant to Czech law or 
in the Czech Republic, the issue of the Notes being classed as "accepting of deposits from the public" by 
the Issuer in the Czech Republic under Section 2(2) of the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., 
on Banks, as amended (the "Czech Banking Act") or requiring a permit, registration, filing or 
notification to the Czech National Bank or other authorities in the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes 
in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Czech Capital Market Act, the Czech Banking Act 
or the practice of the Czech National Bank, except for due and timely completion of the notification 
procedure in respect of this Base Prospectus (including the Final Terms) for the purposes of any public 
offering of the Notes in the Czech Republic in accordance with all applicable provisions of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree with the Issuer and each other Dealer that it has complied with and will

--- Page 216 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
216 
 
comply with all the laws of the Czech Republic applicable to the conduct of business in the Czech 
Republic (including the laws applicable to the provision of investment services (within the meaning of 
the Czech Capital Market Act) in the Czech Republic) in respect of the Notes. 
Each Dealer has not taken and will not take and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required not to take any action which would result in the issue of the Notes being considered an 
intention to manage assets by acquiring funds from the public in the Czech Republic for the purposes of 
collective investment pursuant to defined investment policy in favour of the investors under the Act of 
the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as amended 
(the MCIFA), which implements the Directive 2011/61/EU. Any issue, offer or sale of the Notes has 
been or will be carried out in strict compliance with the MCIFA. 
Republic of Cyprus 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the 
"Prospectus Law") and the provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, cap.113 (as amended) 
and only if such offer falls within the exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Notes other than in compliance with the provisions of 
the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the 
"ISARM"); and 
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any "Investment Services", "Investment 
Activities" and "Non-Core Services" (as such terms are defined in the ISARM) in relation to 
the Notes or will be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-
Core Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus. Each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating 
to such Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of 
the ISARM and/or applicable regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital 
Markets Act (Consolidation Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020, as amended from time to time). 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Notes to the public in Denmark means the communication 
in any form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the relevant Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor in Denmark to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for such Notes. 
Dominican Republic  
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendence of Securities of the Dominican 
Republic (Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores de la Republica Dominicana) and each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it will not offer or sell Notes in the Dominican Republic, 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under Dominican laws and regulations.

--- Page 217 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
217 
 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in 
the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Ecuador  
Notes have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market (Catastro 
Público del Mercado de Valores) nor the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Quito 
or Guayaquil) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes 
in Ecuador except through private transactions and under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering under book II of the Monetary and Financial Organic Code (libro II del Código Orgánico 
Monetario y Financiero) or under its implementing regulations. 
El Salvador  
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Bolsa de Valores de El Salvador (Stock Exchange 
of El Salvador) nor the Registro Público Bursátil of the Superintendencia del Sistema Financiero de El 
Salvador (Public Stock Exchange Registry of El Salvador's Financial System Superintendence) and each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes in the Republic of El 
Salvador except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under 
Salvadoran laws and regulations. 
Finland 
Notes, including Finnish Notes, issued under the Programme may not be marketed, offered or sold, or 
this Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of Finland or 
in the Republic of Finland, except pursuant to applicable Finnish laws and regulations. Unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that a non-exempt offer of such Notes to the public or admission to trading 
on a regulated market thereof, as referred to in the Finnish Securities Markets Act 
(Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 14.12.2012/746, as amended), is made in Finland in accordance and 
compliance with the applicable Finnish laws and regulations, the Notes may not be marketed, offered or 
sold or this Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of 
Finland or in the Republic of Finland, other than to a limited number of pre-selected non-qualified 
investors not exceeding 149, to qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation or to be 
acquired for a consideration of at least EUR100,000 per investor with regard to an offer or in 
denominations of at least EUR100,000 in nominal or counter value and that the offering does not 
constitute a public offering as defined in the Finnish Securities Market Act. This Base Prospectus is 
strictly for private use by its recipients and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed 
publicly. This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Offer to the public non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public non exempted from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus in 
relation to those Notes has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"), on 
the date of such publication or, (ii) when a prospectus has been approved by the competent

--- Page 218 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
218 
 
authority of another Member State of the EEA in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 
No. 2017/1129, as amended, on the date of notification of such approval to the AMF in 
accordance with Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and ending at the latest on the date 
which is 12 months after the date of approval of the prospectus, all in accordance with Articles 
3 and 12 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier ("CMF") and the Règlement général of the AMF ("RG AMF"); or 
(b) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (Private placement) in 
France: 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in 
France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes. Such offers, sales and distributions have been and will 
be made in France only in circumstances that do constitute an offer to the public exempted from 
the obligation to publish a prospectus pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the CMF 
and more particularly to (a) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2 1° of the CMF and Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and/or (b) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs), other than 
qualified investors, provided that such investors are acting for their own account, in accordance 
with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the CMF and/or (c) to investors who acquire Notes for 
a total consideration of at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) per investor, 
for each separate offer in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 2° of the CMF and Article 211-2 
II of the RG AMF and/or (d) Notes whose principal amount or equivalent amounts is at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 3° of 
the CMF and Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
Guatemala  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Notes have been registered with the Registro del Mercado de 
Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala (Guatemala's National Registry for the Supervision 
of the Commercialisation of Securities) and, therefore, no Notes may be publicly offered in Guatemala 
or through Guatemalan broker/dealers. 
The Notes are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and 
Guatemalan residents interested in acquiring the Notes must accept (preferably) in writing that they are 
the ones making the approach to purchase such Notes, and must do it through the services of broker 
dealers active in those markets, and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the 
Securities and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other 
Guatemalan Law or Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable 
to securities registered with the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply 
to the Notes or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes publicly in the Republic of 
Guatemala. The Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala has not 
reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in 
Guatemala, nor shall any advertising of this Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of 
Guatemala. 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws. 
Honduras  
Neither the Issuers nor any Notes issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered 
with the Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and 
therefore, no Notes may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will comply with all applicable law and will not offer or sell Notes publicly in Honduras. The Honduran

--- Page 219 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
219 
 
National Banking and Insurance Commission has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This 
Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Honduras, nor shall any advertising of this Base 
Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of Honduras, nor through electronic means that are 
aimed specifically to people in the Honduran territory. 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which 
do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to 
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the "MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for authorisation and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs) thereof or 
any codes of practice made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998; 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989; 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of 
the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129/EU–
Prospectus Regulation (PD3), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 
380/2019), and any rules and guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 
by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"); 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014) (as amended), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse 
(Directive 2014/57/EU or CSMAD or MAD II), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016, as amended and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended).

--- Page 220 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
220 
 
Israel 
No prospectus in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been, or will be, issued in Israel and/or 
reviewed by the Israel Securities Authority. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell Notes in the State of Israel other than private sales to Israeli persons who are investors 
of the type listed in the First Supplement to the Securities Law, 5728-1968 and who have confirmed to 
the Dealer in writing that (i) they are an investor of the type listed in the First Supplement to the Securities 
Law, 5728-1968, of the State of Israel, and that they are aware of the significance of their being such an 
investor and consent thereto, and (ii) they are purchasing the Notes for their own account, for investment 
purposes only and with no present intention of distribution or re-sale. The offeror is not licensed as 
investment advisor or marketer by the Israel Securities Authority or supervised as broker dealer by the 
Israel Securities Authority. 
Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering 
of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including the Issue Terms) or 
of any other document relating to Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable 
provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 ("Regulation No. 11971"), as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including the Issue 
Terms) or any other document relating to Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (a) or (b) above 
must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100-bis of the Financial 
Services Act) or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting 
requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 221 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
221 
 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold, promoted 
or advertised by it in the State of Kuwait other than in compliance with Decree Law No.31 of 1990 and 
the implementing regulations thereto, as amended, and Law No.7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto, as 
amended governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
No private or public offering of Notes is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no agreement relating 
to the sale of Notes will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement 
activities are being used to offer or market Notes in the State of Kuwait. 
Mexico 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities 
(Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the "CNBV) pursuant to the Mexican Securities Market Law 
(Ley del Mercado de Valores) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico; each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes publicly in the United Mexican States. The Notes 
may be offered and sold in Mexico by the Dealers, on a private placement basis, to investors that qualify 
as institutional and accredited investors, under the Mexican Securities Market Law and regulations 
thereunder. The CNBV has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may 
not be publicly distributed in Mexico. 
Norway 
Norway has implemented the EU Prospectus Regulation, cf. chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Act of 
29 June 2007 no. 75, as amended, and chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Regulations of 29 June 2007 
No. 876, as amended. Consequently, the selling restrictions set out in the section "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" above apply. 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway, without the Notes 
prior thereto having been registered with a central securities depositary licensed or recognised pursuant 
to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, cf. section 3-1 of the Central Securities Depositaries Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that (i) the Notes will only be offered and sold in Norway in 
accordance with the provisions on marketing of structured products set out in section 16-2 of the 
Financial Institutions Act of 9 December 2016 no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Notes will only be sold 
in Norway to investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved 
with investing in the Notes. 
Oman 
This Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law SD 80/98 (Article 3), and 
will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019) or Article 3. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered 
by it, and no invitation to subscribe for or to purchase the Notes has been or will be made by it, directly 
or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed by it in 
Oman to any person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of 
Oman to market non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision 
No. 1/2009, as amended).

--- Page 222 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
222 
 
Panama  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Superintendency of the Securities Market 
of Panama. Accordingly (i) the Notes cannot be publicly offered or sold in Panama, except in transactions 
exempted from registration under the Securities Laws of Panama, (ii) the Superintendency of the 
Securities Market of Panama has not reviewed the information contained in this Base Prospectus, (iii) 
the Notes and its offer are not subject to the supervision of the Superintendency of the Securities Market 
of Panama, and (iv) the Notes do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the Securities Laws of 
Panama. 
Paraguay  
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the "Paraguayan 
Securities Commission") and each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell Notes in the Republic of Paraguay except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering or distribution under Paraguayan laws, regulations and market practices. Paraguayan investors 
must acknowledge that (i) any legal matter arising from an offer of Notes under this Base Prospectus 
shall not be submitted to any Paraguayan authority; (ii) the Paraguayan Deposit Insurance legislation 
does not insure investments in the Notes; (iii) the Paraguayan Central Bank, (Banco Central del 
Paraguay), the Paraguayan Securities Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendency 
(Superintendencia de Bancos) do not regulate the offering of the Notes or any obligations that may arise 
from such offering; (iv) they may be subject to taxes under Paraguayan laws on the profits obtained from 
the Notes or the sale thereof; and (v) they are responsible to conduct an independent examination of the 
relevant offer, and to ascertain and assess the risks arising from or in connection with the investments in 
the Notes. 
Peru  
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Peru, provided that such offering 
is considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian securities 
market law establishes that any particular offer may qualify as private, among others, if it is directed 
exclusively at institutional investors (as defined under Peruvian law). Accordingly, the Notes cannot be 
offered or sold in Peru except if (i) such Notes were previously registered with the SMV, or (ii) such 
offering is considered a private offering under the Peruvian securities laws and regulations. The Notes 
will not be subject to a public offering in Peru. Therefore, neither this Base Prospectus nor any Notes 
have been or will be registered with nor approved by the Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores (Peru's 
National Corporations and Securities Supervisory Commission or SMV) or the Lima Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the Notes are being supplied to 
those Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such materials may not be distributed to 
any person or entity other than the intended recipients. 
Peruvian institutional investors, as defined by Peruvian legislation, must rely on their own examination 
of the terms of the offering of the Notes to determine their ability to invest in them.  No offer or invitation 
to subscribe for or sell the Notes or beneficial interests therein can be made in Peru except in compliance 
with the securities laws thereof. 
Peruvian residents may be taxed under Peruvian tax laws, on the profits obtained from the Notes or the 
sale thereof. Investors must independently evaluate the application of such taxes before purchasing the 
Notes. 
Poland 
No permit has been obtained from the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "Polish FSA") in 
relation to the issue of any Notes or approval of the Base Prospectus. The Notes may not be offered or 
sold in the Republic of Poland ("Poland") by way of a Public Offer (as defined below), unless it is done 
in compliance with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), 
the Act on Public Offering and on the Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments

--- Page 223 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
223 
 
to an Organised Trading System and Public Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other 
applicable laws and regulations enacted under these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time. 
Under the EU Prospectus Regulation, an 'offer of securities to the public' means a communication to 
persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those 
securities ("Public Offering"). 
The conduct of a Public Offering of Securities in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such 
Public Offering requires an intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public 
Offerings exempted from the prospectus obligation. In addition, the sale to or acquisition and holding of 
the Notes by residents of Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by 
Polish law, beyond the restrictions and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of 
European Union law, including under foreign exchange regulations. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed with the Issuer, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and any person offering the Notes in Portugal (a "Portuguese Offeror") will be required to 
represent and agree, that Notes may only be offered by any such Dealer or any such Portuguese Offeror 
to the public in the Portuguese Republic ("Portugal") under circumstances which are deemed to be a 
public offer (oferta pública) under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) 
enacted by Decree Law no. 486/99 of November 13, as amended from time to time, subject to the 
fulfilment of the requirements and provisions applicable to public offerings in Portugal. 
In particular, no offering materials will be publicly distributed in Portugal by any such Dealer or any 
such Portuguese Offeror and no publicity or marketing activities related to Notes will be conducted in 
Portugal by any such Dealer or any such Portuguese Offeror unless the requirements and provisions 
applicable to public offerings in Portugal are met, and in any case Notes will only be distributed or placed 
or advertised in Portugal if all applicable legal and regulatory requirements are met, including the 
approval and publication (if and as required) of a Key Information Document ("KID") approved by the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("CMVM") under the terms of Regulation (EU) no. 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 ("PRIIPs Regulation") 
and further delegated acts. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and any Portuguese Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) it has not directly 
or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment 
intentions, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to 
subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which 
could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, 
notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident 
in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, or 
in circumstances which could qualify the issue of Notes as an issue in the Portuguese market except in 
accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of Notes 
have been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities 
Code or other securities legislation or regulations, qualify as a private placement of Notes (oferta 
particular) except if such offers, sales and distributions qualify as and follow the requirements applicable 
to a public offer (oferta pública) pursuant to the aforementioned provisions; (iii) it has not distributed, 
made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be 
distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to Notes in Portugal except in 
accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; (iv) it will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the Portuguese Securities Code, the EU Prospectus Regulation and any applicable Regulations of the 
CMVM and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be 
applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities 
resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory (or to whom 
Portuguese laws and regulations on the distribution of financial instruments otherwise apply), as the case 
may be, including the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, or commencing a prospectus 
recognition procedure with the CMVM, and/or filing with the CMVM and disclosing to investors a KID

--- Page 224 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
224 
 
under the applicable laws and regulations on packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs), including the PRIIPs Regulation and further delegated acts. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or 
sell, at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), except:  
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre); and  
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Central 
Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and 
(iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may 
not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold or transferred 
or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any Notes (as part 
of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal 
entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or 
to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise 
permitted under Russian law.  
Since neither the issuance of the Notes nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Notes has been 
registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the Notes are 
not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not be sold or 
offered in the Russian Federation in any way other than to Russian "qualified investors" (as defined under 
Russian law) in a manner that does not constitute "advertisement", "placement" or "public circulation" 
(as defined under Russian law) of the Notes in the Russian Federation. 
Information set forth in this Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, 
to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Notes in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any 
Russian person or entity. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by the 
Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 30 September 2019 (as 
amended, the "KSA Regulations"), made through an authorised person licensed to carry out arranging 
activities by the Capital Market Authority and following a notification to the Capital Markets Authority, 
in each case, in accordance with the KSA Regulations.  
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person 
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than to "Sophisticated Investors" under Article 9 of the KSA 
Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 10 of, or as otherwise required by, the KSA 
Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 225 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
225 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes to a Saudi Investor will be 
made in compliance with the KSA Regulations. 
The offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity 
under the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement 
under the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is 
made in compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. 
Singapore 
The Programme is not authorised under Section 286 of the SFA or recognised under Section 287 of the 
SFA by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and units in the Programme are not allowed to be offered 
to the retail public. This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and accordingly, 
statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, and the offeree 
should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him. This Base Prospectus has not been 
and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and Notes will be 
offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA.  
Accordingly, Notes may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than pursuant to an exemption from the offering 
requirements under the SFA. 
This includes, where the Notes are "securities" for the purposes of the SFA, (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA pursuant to an exemption from 
the offering requirements under the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, and (where applicable) 
Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or, (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the relevant Notes pursuant 
to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, (in the case of such corporation) where the 
transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or (in the case of such trust) where 
the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 226 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
226 
 
Where the Notes are "units in a collective investment scheme" as defined under the SFA, the Notes may 
not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor may this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 304 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA) or 
to any person pursuant to section 305(2) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
section 305 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of 
Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
notes (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or 
that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or (in the case of such corporation) 
where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or (in the case of 
such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 305A(3)(i)(B) 
of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Where any underlying notes or units in a collective investment scheme (the "Underlyers") are to be 
delivered in connection with the Notes, such Underlyers may similarly only be offered in compliance 
with the SFA, pursuant to the relevant exemption described above. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes and Underlyers 
issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and 
a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
Spain 
In addition to the provisions set out under section "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", which 
are fully applicable in Spain, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, to the extent that the offer of Notes 
under the Programme shall be deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) or an admission to trading in 
Spain pursuant to the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities Markets (Real 
Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del

--- Page 227 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
227 
 
Mercado de Valores) (hereafter "Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015") as amended and restated from time 
to time, Notes may only be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly by any such Dealer to the 
public in the Kingdom of Spain or admitted to trading in Spain in compliance with the requirements and 
provisions applicable to public offerings and admission to trading in Spain, including, the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 and Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November, partially 
developing Law 24/1988, of 28 July on admission to trading of notes in official secondary markets, 
public offerings and prospectus (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla 
parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a 
negociación de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y 
del folleto exigible a tales efectos), as amended and restated from time to time, or any other related 
regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of notes in 
Sweden. Accordingly, the Notes, including Swedish Notes, issued under this Programme may not be 
offered or sold to the public in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, 
distributed, or otherwise made available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offer of securities to the public or, subject to prospectus requirements, 
in accordance with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 14 June 2017 relating to the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC and all other 
applicable legislation and regulation in Sweden. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge and agree that, subject: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in Switzerland, other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a 
public offer in Switzerland, if and as from the date on which this Base Prospectus has been filed 
with a review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland as a foreign prospectus that is deemed approved 
according to Article 54(2) FinSA for entry on the list of approved prospectuses according to 
Article 64(5) FinSA and deposited with this review body and published according to Article 64 
FinSA, and if the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes published according to Article 
64 FinSA specify "Non-exempt Offer" as applicable with respect to Switzerland, in the "Offer 
Period" specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in Switzerland, 
and have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 
36(1) FinSA or where such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in FinSO. 
If this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms is filed and deposited with a review body 
(Prüfstelle) in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus and each such Final Terms may be obtained in electronic 
or printed form, free of charge, upon request from Citigroup Global Markets Limited at Hardstrasse 201, 
Prime Tower, 8005 Zürich (e-mail: swissder@citi.com; telephone: +41 (0)58 750 6207; fax: +41 (0)58 
750 6065; website: https://ch.citifirst.com/EN/Home). 
Subject to the applicable transitional provisions under FinSA and FinSO, if Notes qualifying as debt 
instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood under FinSA) are offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key information document 
under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in respect

--- Page 228 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
228 
 
of such Notes must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key information 
document is required for Notes that may only be acquired for private clients under an asset management 
agreement. Other than where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland" to be "Applicable" other than with respect to the period(s) of time specified 
therein, with respect to such period(s), the Notes may not be offered or recommended to private clients 
within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is 
not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having 
opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined 
in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA. For these purposes "offer" refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" 
to be "Applicable", other than with respect to the duration of the applicable transition period under FinSA 
and FinSO, if the Notes qualify as structured products within the meaning of Article 70 FinSA and only 
a simplified prospectus pursuant to Article 5 of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes 
(CISA), as such article was in effect immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been 
prepared based on the transitional provision of Article 111 FinSO, the "Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland" as described above shall automatically apply as from the expiry of the applicable 
transition period. 
The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the CISA 
and are not subject to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and 
investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory 
authority. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, for the purposes only of offers of Notes to the 
public in Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such 
offers do not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, references in this Base Prospectus to "Non exempt 
Offer" shall be deemed to refer to such non-exempt public offer in Switzerland, and references to Notes 
which are not Exempt Notes shall be deemed to refer to Notes which are the subject of such non-exempt 
public offer in Switzerland, and all related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Taiwan 
The Notes, if listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or general investors in Taiwan, may 
be sold in Taiwan to all professional or general investors, as applicable, or, if not listed in Taiwan, the 
Notes may be made available only (i) to investors in Taiwan through licensed Taiwan financial 
institutions to the extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws and regulations; (ii) to the Offshore 
Banking Units of Taiwan banks purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account, in trust for 
their non-Taiwan trust clients or for purposes of on-sale to qualified  Taiwan investors; (iii) to the 
Offshore Securities Units of Taiwan securities firms purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary 
account, in trust for their trust clients, as agent for their brokerage clients or for purposes of on-sale to 
qualified Taiwan investors; (iv) to the Offshore Insurance Units of Taiwan insurance companies 
purchasing the Notes for their proprietary account of in connection with the issuance of investment linked 
insurance policies to non-Taiwan policy holders; or (v) outside of Taiwan to Taiwan resident investors 
for purchase by such investors outside of Taiwan, but are not permitted to otherwise be offered or sold 
in Taiwan. 
Republic of Turkey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree 
that neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any 
of its respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Notes (or beneficial interest therein) in Turkey in any 
circumstances which would constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Capital Markets 
Law No. 6362 and the Capital Markets Board of Turkey's (the "CMB") Communiqué VII-128.4 on the 
Foreign Capital Markets Instruments, Depositary Receipts and Foreign Mutual Fund Units. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed and each further Dealer will be required to further represent and agree that 
neither it nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates 
has or will use any prospectus, or other offering material related to the offering in connection with any

--- Page 229 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
229 
 
general offering to the public within Turkey for the purpose of offer or sale of the Notes without prior 
approval of the Capital Market Board of Turkey. Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding 
the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, residents of Turkey may purchase the Notes on an 
unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, PROVIDED THAT (i) such Notes are traded in the financial markets 
outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through banks licensed by the Banking Regulation and 
Supervisory Agency and/or brokerage institutions licensed by the CMB in Turkey; and (iii) the 
consideration of the purchase of such Notes has been or will be transferred through such licensed banks 
operating in Turkey. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws 
applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Uruguay  
Notes issued under the Programme are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay , but will only be 
placed relying on private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
None of the Issuers qualify as an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774, as amended. Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Notes placed in Uruguay will be placed relying on a private 
placement (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI) the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the relevant Dealers. 
Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, 
as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that 
purpose is required and has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Notes, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Notes, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which 
will not impose any obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and 
none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 230 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
230 
 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES 
General 
Purchasers of Notes may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each Note. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON 
THE STATUS OF THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER 
AND REGISTRATION TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN 
ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, give no assurances 
about and do not accept responsibility for the imposition of deductions or withholdings required to be 
made from payments under the Notes for or on account of tax. This statement should be read in 
conjunction with General Conditions 6 (Payments) and 7 (Taxation). In particular, the relevant Issuer, 
where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor, may make such deductions or withholdings from payments under the Notes as 
required by any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives. If the relevant Issuer or, where 
the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor, is required to make a deduction or withholding for or on account of tax, it will only 
be required to make additional 'gross-up' payments in the circumstances and subject to the exceptions 
and limitations described in General Condition 7 (Taxation). 
References in this Section F.8 to a "Member State" shall be to a Member State of the EEA. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
ownership and disposition by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) of Notes that the Issuer treats as debt, 
and that are in registered form, each for U.S. federal income and estate tax purposes. This summary does 
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
decision to purchase Notes by any particular investor, including tax consequences that arise from rules 
of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of taxpayers or that are generally believed to 
be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address the tax consequences to (i) persons 
that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, such as banks, insurance 
companies, thrift institutions, tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark to market 
for tax purposes and dealers in securities, (ii) Non-U.S. Holders who recognise gain in respect of a Note 
in a taxable year in which the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, (iii) 
persons that do not hold the Notes as capital assets, or (iv) except where the context indicates otherwise, 
persons that did not purchase the Notes in the initial offering. Moreover, this summary does not address 
the Medicare tax on investment income. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. You should consult 
your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning and 
disposing of the Notes in light of your own particular circumstances.

--- Page 231 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
231 
 
For the purposes hereof, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes is a non-resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate 
or trust. 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
a Note, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner 
and upon the activities of the partnership. If you are a partnership, you should consult your tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences to your partners of an investment in the Notes. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of 
the Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets that a holder may receive in respect of the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of the Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which you are urged to read before 
making a decision to invest in the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are not intended for purchase by persons other than Non-U.S. Holders. The U.S. federal tax 
considerations of any Notes issued to U.S. persons will be addressed in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
Non-U.S. Notes 
Certain Notes issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer (as defined below) to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated 
as "Non-U.S. Notes" in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Notes, subject to certain discussions under 
"Effectively Connected Income", "Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "FATCA", 
the Issuer currently intends to treat payments made with respect to the Notes as not subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax. 
In General 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Notes that are not Non-U.S. Notes. Unless otherwise stated in an applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer intends to treat all Notes as debt instruments for all U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. This section generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment is respected. The Issuer's 
intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which 
case the tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect of the Notes could be materially adversely 
affected. You should consult your tax advisor about the risk that the IRS challenges our treatment of the 
Notes. In the case of Credit Linked Notes and Index Skew Notes, in particular, please review the 
discussion under "Possible Alternative Tax Treatment" regarding the risk of an alternate treatment of the 
Notes. 
Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "Effectively Connected Income", 
"Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "FATCA" and therefore this discussion is 
subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those sections.  
Interest payments on a Note issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI (each, a "U.S. Issuer") should not be 
subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, as long as (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or 
constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the 
U.S. Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes that is related to the U.S. Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank 
extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, 
(3) such interest is not contingent on the U.S. Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its 
property and is not otherwise excluded from the definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of 
the Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides a statement signed under penalties of perjury that 
certifies that it is a non-United States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that 
it is a non-United States person. Interest payments on a Note issued by CGMFL (the "Non-U.S. Issuer")

--- Page 232 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
232 
 
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. Gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder on the 
sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note (each, a "taxable disposition" which 
excludes amounts attributable to accrued interest) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding or income tax. 
Possible Taxable Event  
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes, including a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for 
itself, and the designation of a substitute or successor rate, could be treated as "significant modifications" 
of the Notes, in which case the Notes will generally be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
In particular, a Restructure Rate Acceptance under the terms of a Restructure Interest Rate Note (as 
defined under "Section G, Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 Restructure Interest Rate Notes" in 
this Base Prospectus) may result in a significant modification of the affected Notes upon a change to the 
terms and conditions of such Notes.    
In the event of a significant modification, the treatment of the Notes for Non-U.S. Holders, including 
withholding tax consequences, could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, 
the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred. You should 
consult your tax advisor regarding the risk of such a significant modification and the potential 
consequences if a Note is treated as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
There is no authority regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Skew Notes and any other Notes that do not provide for the return of a holder's investment under all 
circumstances. It is possible that all or any portion of such a Note could be recharacterised as other than 
a debt instrument, in which case the treatment of such Note, including the withholding tax consequence 
for the holders may be different for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The Issuer's intended treatment of such Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree 
with it. If such a Note were treated as an instrument other than debt, interest payments on the Note 
could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable 
income tax treaty. Insofar as it has responsibility as a withholding agent in respect of such Notes, 
the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on payments on such Notes to Non-U.S. Holders 
(subject to the certification requirements and the exceptions described herein). However, it is 
possible that other withholding agents may withhold on interest payments on such Notes, and in 
the future the Issuer may determine that it is required to so withhold. 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income or gain from the Notes are 
effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be 
subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income or gain in the same manner as if 
the Non-U.S. Holder were a United States person, subject to the provisions of an applicable income tax 
treaty. If such a Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the potential 
application of a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would be 
required to provide an IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable withholding agent to establish an exemption 
from withholding for amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, paid on a Note. 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a 30 per 
cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities ("underlying securities"), 
as defined under the applicable Treasury regulations, or indices that include underlying securities. 
Section 871(m) generally applies to "specified equity-linked instruments" ("Specified ELIs"), which are 
financial instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more underlying 
securities, as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed 
further below. Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for

--- Page 233 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
233 
 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable 
Treasury regulations ("Qualified Indices") as well as securities that track such indices ("Qualified Index 
Securities").  
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, Treasury regulations, as modified by an 
IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2023, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a "delta" of one. 
 
For financial instruments issued in 2023 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to 
a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the underlying security. The 
"substantial equivalence" test measures whether a "complex" contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of 
the underlying security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" 
simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the "calculation date," which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Note, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Note. However, 
if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Note, the calculation date 
is the date of the issuance of the Note. In those circumstances, information regarding the Issuer's final 
determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after the time of pricing of the 
Note. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Note only if it is willing to accept the risk 
that the Note is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding under Section 871(m). 
In addition, Notes of a Series that are issued in different Tranches, or otherwise priced on different dates, 
may have different calculation dates for purposes of determining whether they are Specified ELIs. As a 
result, Notes acquired by a Non-U.S. Holder may be Specified ELIs, and therefore subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m), even if other Notes of the same Series are not Specified ELIs. In such a situation, 
a withholding agent may treat all of the Notes in that Series as being subject to Section 871(m) 
withholding if it is not able to distinguish among those Notes. 
If the terms of a Note are subject to a significant modification, as described above in "Tax Consequences 
to Non-U.S. Holders–Possible Taxable Event" the Note generally will be treated as reissued for this 
purpose at the time of the significant modification, in which case the Notes could become Specified ELIs 
at that time. 
If a Note is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent's circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition by the Non-U.S. Holder of the Note, or possibly upon certain other events. Depending 
on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts from interest 
or other payments on the Note, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of the Note, or from 
other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent. 
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to 
the product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an underlying security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2023 
that have a "delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" of one. The 
per-share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect 
to a share of the underlying security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated dividend, 
the Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Note and whether or not it is issued prior to 2023, the Issue Terms may 
contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Note references a 
Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the number

--- Page 234 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
234 
 
of shares multiplied by delta (for a "simple" contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence" test is 
met and the initial hedge (for a complex contract). 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application 
of Section 871(m) to the Notes and, if withholding applies, whether they are eligible for a refund of any 
part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well 
as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income 
tax return). In some circumstances, it may not be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the 
documentation necessary to support a refund claim under an applicable treaty. The Issuer’s determination 
is generally binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not binding on the IRS. The 
Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to 
underlying securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain. Accordingly, 
even if the Issuer determines that certain Notes are not Specified ELIs, the IRS could challenge the 
Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those Notes. 
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the 
Non-U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an 
underlying security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability 
under Section 871(m) even if the Notes are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a general 
matter. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
in their particular circumstances. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m) 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Valuation and Settlement Schedule") occurs, an Early 
Redemption Event will occur, in which case the relevant Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out 
in the terms and conditions of such Notes.  
U.S. Federal Estate Tax 
A Note may be subject to U.S. federal estate tax if an individual Non-U.S. Holder, or an entity the 
property of which is potentially includible in such an individual's gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax 
purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an individual and with respect to which the individual has 
retained certain interests or powers), holds the Note at the time of the individual’s death. The gross estate 
of a Non-U.S. Holder domiciled outside the United States includes only property deemed situated in the 
United States. Individual Non-U.S. Holders, and the entities mentioned above, should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences of an investment in the Notes in their 
particular situation.  
Reportable Transactions 
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements 
under Section 6011 of the Code. "Reportable transactions" include, among other things, certain 
transactions identified by the IRS. In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices 
designating certain "basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as 
reportable transactions. The notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" 
has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction. While an 
exercise of the type of discretion that would give rise to such reporting requirements in respect of the 
Notes is not expected, if the Issuer, an index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise 
discretion under the terms of a Note or an index underlying a Note and were treated as a holder's 
"designee" for these purposes, unless an exception applied certain holders of the relevant Notes would 
be required to report certain information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, 
or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might also be required to report information regarding the 
transaction to the IRS. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding these rules.

--- Page 235 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
235 
 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments on the Notes, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement) of the Notes, may be subject to information reporting and, if a beneficial owner fails to 
provide certain identifying information or meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to backup 
withholding at the rate specified in the Code. A Non-U.S. Holder that provides the applicable withholding 
agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 generally will establish an exemption from backup 
withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be 
refunded or credited against a holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information 
is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in 
addition to, and potentially significantly more onerous than the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-
8) have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. 
entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. Pursuant to Treasury regulations, this legislation 
generally will apply to (1) Notes that pay U.S.-source interest or other U.S.-source "fixed or determinable 
annual or periodical" (FDAP) income and (2) Notes that are subject to FATCA solely because they are 
treated as paying dividend equivalents pursuant to Section 871(m) and, in the case of non-"delta one" 
Notes (as defined in "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders – Section 871(m) 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalents "), are issued more than six months after 1 January 2023. 
Withholding (if applicable) will apply to payments of interest, dividend equivalents and other FDAP 
income. While existing Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross 
proceeds from the taxable disposition of relevant Notes (other than any portion treated as FDAP income), 
the U.S. Treasury Department has stated in subsequent proposed regulations its intent to eliminate this 
requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations pending their finalisation. If withholding applies to the Notes, the Issuer will not be required 
to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisors regarding FATCA, including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES MAY BE 
UNCLEAR. BENEFICIAL OWNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS 
REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF THE NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX 
LAWS. 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION 
THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE ISSUERS' UNDERSTANDING OF CURRENT 
UNITED KINGDOM LAW AND PUBLISHED HM REVENUE & CUSTOMS ("HMRC") 
PRACTICE RELATING ONLY TO THE UNITED KINGDOM WITHHOLDING TAX 
TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS OF INTEREST (AS THAT TERM IS UNDERSTOOD FOR 
UNITED KINGDOM TAX PURPOSES) IN RESPECT OF NOTES. IT DOES NOT DEAL WITH 
ANY OTHER UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION IMPLICATIONS OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSING OF NOTES. THE UNITED KINGDOM TAX TREATMENT OF PROSPECTIVE 
NOTEHOLDERS DEPENDS ON THEIR INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND MAY BE 
SUBJECT TO CHANGE IN THE FUTURE. PROSPECTIVE NOTEHOLDERS WHO MAY BE 
SUBJECT TO TAX IN A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED KINGDOM OR WHO 
MAY BE UNSURE AS TO THEIR TAX POSITION SHOULD SEEK THEIR OWN 
PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. 
Interest on Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes that do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. If interest paid on the Notes does 
have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax in any of the following circumstances.

--- Page 236 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
236 
 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax PROVIDED THAT the Notes carry a right to interest and the Notes are and 
continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income 
Tax Act 2007. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy 
this requirement if they are officially listed in Luxembourg in accordance with provisions corresponding 
to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the main market or the Euro 
MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange. The 
Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The Italian Stock Exchange is a recognised 
stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Italy in accordance 
with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on 
the Electronic Bond Market (MOT) of the Italian Stock Exchange. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is a 
recognised stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Germany 
in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The London Stock Exchange is a 
recognised stock exchange. Securities will be treated as listed on the London Stock Exchange if they are 
included in the Official List (within the meaning of and in accordance with the provisions of Part 6 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. 
Provided, therefore that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a "recognised 
stock exchange", interest on the Notes will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account 
of United Kingdom tax. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form part of 
a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 
364 days. 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that has a 
United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.), subject to any other available exemptions and reliefs. However, where an applicable double tax 
treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a 
Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction 
of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax 
treaty). 
An amount may also be required to be withheld from payments on the Notes that have a United Kingdom 
source and are not interest, but are nevertheless treated as annual payments or manufactured payments 
for United Kingdom tax purposes, on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate. However, 
where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be 
withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay annual payments to 
the Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only.

--- Page 237 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
237 
 
Taxation of the holders of Notes 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent, if any. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will 
be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
AUSTRIAN TAXATION 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuers' understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the 
Notes in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and 
does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. 
They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well 
as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may 
possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences 
described. It is recommended that potential investors in the Notes consult with their legal and tax advisors 
as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes. Tax risks resulting from the 
Notes (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund within the meaning of 
sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) shall in any case be 
borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the Notes are legally and 
factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria 
are subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income 
tax liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their 
habitual abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited 
income tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to 
corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place

--- Page 238 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
238 
 
of management nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from 
certain Austrian sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
(a) 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 
27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the 
amount of the earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act);  
(b) 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant 
to sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption 
and other realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, (including zero 
coupon bonds); the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); and 
(c) 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the 
sale or other realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other 
derivatives such as index certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax 
liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or 
the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). 
Also the withdrawal of the Notes from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances leading 
to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Notes vis-à-vis other countries, e.g., a relocation 
from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs (sec. 
27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as non-business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or 
an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax 
withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from 
the Notes without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject 
to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the 
lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs 
(Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank 
charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also 
applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter 
alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised 
increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and 
other non-securitised claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) 
nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal 
estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer 
Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate 
(this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income 
not already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of income.

--- Page 239 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
239 
 
The Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's 
securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and 
to issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat 
rate of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the letting of 
capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in the 
investor's income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment income 
from the Notes without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor's income tax return and 
is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to 
tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases in value and income 
from derivatives if realising these types of income constitutes a key area of the respective investor's 
business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and 
custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the 
option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, 
depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be offset against 
income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives and with appreciations 
in value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55 per 
cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on 
income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes at a rate of 25 per cent. 
Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes with an Austrian nexus 
is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However,  pursuant to sec. 93(1a) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate, if the debtor of the 
withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax 
liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is 
not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of the Notes can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Notes as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25 per cent. on interest 
income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the latter are 
in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must not 
include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted 
(sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered insofar as 
distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. Investment 
income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 
27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent 
may apply a 25 per cent. rate, if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax 
can be credited against the tax triggered Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the Notes if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the Notes 
are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, sec. 
21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited income 
tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if 
withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident

--- Page 240 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
240 
 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its 
place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an 
Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuers understand that no taxation 
applies in the case at hand. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin 
of which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which 
is not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal 
form they are organised in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading 
on the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the 
following conditions is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a 
corporate income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the 
profits of the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable 
to Austrian corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a 
comprehensive personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment 
vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the 
tax consequences would substantially differ from those described above: A special type of transparency 
principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as well as deemed 
income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax.  
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation 
transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain 
exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time 
of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in 
corporations, participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the 
donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of 
management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain 
related parties, a threshold of EUR50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory 
if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, 
gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described 
above are also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Notes may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant to 
sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling Notes. 
This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax considerations 
and the investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Belgian tax and other tax 
consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) 
of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. The description of certain 
taxes in the Kingdom of Belgium ("Belgium") set out below is for general information only and does not

--- Page 241 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
241 
 
purport to be comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover the situation of non-residents nor the tax 
treatment of securities which may be received upon repurchase or settlement of the Notes. 
This summary is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and 
regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future amendments, which 
may or may not have retroactive effect. Each investor should consult a professional adviser with respect 
to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, taking into account the applicable terms and the 
inﬂuence of each regional, local, federal or national law. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Notes made through a paying agent or 
other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the 
gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro on the date of 
payment or attribution. 
Belgian income tax 
Variable Income 
If the repurchase, redemption or exercise by the Issuer is in full or in part settled by means of a delivery 
of securities or other assets, interest includes any positive difference between the sales value of those 
assets on the date of their payment or attribution and the initial issue price of the Notes.  
Under Belgian tax law, 'interest' income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer in excess of the Issue Price; and (iii) only if the Notes qualify as 'ﬁxed income securities' (in 
the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code), in the case of a realisation of the Notes 
between two interest payment dates, the pro rata interest accrued during the holding period. In general, 
securities are qualified as 'fixed income securities' if there is a causal link between the amount of interest 
income and the holding period of the security, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate the amount 
of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Securities during their lifetime. Based on its 
circular letter of 25 January 2013 on the tax treatment of income of structured securities, the Belgian tax 
administration also considers any other securities whose return is uncertain due to a link with the 
performance of underlying products or values as fixed income securities. There is therefore a possibility 
that the Belgian tax authorities will want to characterise the Notes whose return is linked to the 
performance of the Underlying Assets as fixed income securities, even though it is debatable whether 
this is in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
In the event interest is paid in the form of delivery of listed securities, the market value of those securities 
will be deemed at least equal to the closing price on the day prior to the date of the payment or attribution 
based on information in the specialised financial press and/or via electronic data bases. If the Notes are 
not listed on a Belgian or foreign market, then the taxpayer needs to determine the sales value under the 
supervision of the tax administration. 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for the 
purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case of 
sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently 
impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), who are holding the Notes as a private 
investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. Other 
rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident individuals 
acquire the Notes for professional purposes or when their transactions with respect to the Notes 
fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate or are speculative 
in nature.

--- Page 242 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
242 
 
Payments of interest (as defined above) on the Notes made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding 
taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principal the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Notes in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was effectively 
levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Also, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention 
of a Belgian paying agent or other financial intermediary, the interest received (after deduction 
of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest 
income which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at 
the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other 
declared income, whichever is more beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited against the personal income tax liability and any excess 
will be refundable. 
 
Belgian resident companies  
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Notes will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. as from 
assessment year 2021 (taxable periods starting on or after 1 January 2020). Small and medium-
sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced corporate tax rate of 20 per 
cent. for the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits as from assessment year 2021. If the income 
has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian 
tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the 
numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the 
foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further 
limitations). Capital losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments (as defined above) on the Notes made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but 
can be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT certain formalities are 
complied with (articles 108 and 117, §12, of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption will only 
apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of 
article 105, 6° of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax 
Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the 
applicable legal provisions and any excess will be refundable. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary 
in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no 
further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or other financial intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the 
Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is responsible for the payment of the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax.

--- Page 243 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
243 
 
Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should in principal apply to the Notes in case of a sale to a third party. 
 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Notes to a third party, PROVIDED 
THAT the Notes have not been used for their professional activity and that the capital gain is 
realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate and is not 
speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Notes held as a non-
professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Notes may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax (plus 
local surcharges) if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal 
management of a private estate. Capital losses arising from such transactions are not tax 
deductible, unless they can be deducted from gains realised on such transactions. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Notes held for professional purposes are taxable at the 
ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Notes held for more 
than five years, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus local surcharges). 
Capital losses on the Notes incurred by Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes for 
professional purposes are in principle tax deductible. 
 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Notes to a third party, irrespective of whether 
such Notes relate to shares or other assets or indices. The current standard corporate income tax 
rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. as from assessment year 2021 (taxable periods starting on or after 
1 January 2020). Small and medium-sized companies benefit from a 20 per cent. corporate tax 
rate on the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits as from assessment year 2021, subject to 
conditions. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Notes to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Notes are in principle not tax deductible. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
A stock exchange tax (Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be levied 
on the acquisition and disposal of the Securities for consideration on the secondary market executed 
through a professional intermediary in Belgium or if the order is transmitted directly or indirectly to a 
financial intermediary established outside of Belgium by either a physical person with normal residence 
in Belgium or by a legal person for the account of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. The tax is 
due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser 
(transferee), and in both cases collected by the professional intermediary. Where the intermediary is 
established outside of Belgium, the tax will be due by the party giving the order, save where evidence is 
provided that the tax has already been paid. The tax rate is in principle 0.12 per cent for debt securities 
(bonds) with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party and 0.35 per cent for other 
securities with a maximum of EUR 1,600 per transaction and per party.

--- Page 244 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
244 
 
A tax on repurchase transactions (Taks op de reporten/Taxe sur les reports) at the rate of 0.085 per cent, 
subject to a maximum of EUR 1,300 or 1,600 per party and per transaction, will be due from each party 
to any such transaction entered into or settled in Belgium in which a professional intermediary for stock 
transactions acts for either party. 
However, the tax referred to above will not be payable if no professional intermediary intervenes in the 
transaction or, even if a professional intermediary intervenes in the transaction for transactions, by 
exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided 
they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status 
and certain Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1.2 and 139 of the Code of various 
duties and taxes. Transactions on the primary market are not subject to the tax on stock exchange 
transactions. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the "FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the participating Member States (including Belgium for the time being) shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions and the tax on repurchase transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore 
may be changed at any time.  
Annual Tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced a new annual tax on securities accounts (Jaarlijkse taks op de 
effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres).  An annual tax of 0.15% will be levied on 
securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable financial instruments (covering, amongst 
others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) held thereon during a reference period 
of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the 
subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base will be established by reference to four 
reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of the tax due will 
be limited to 10% of the difference between said average value of the taxable financial instruments and 
the threshold of EUR 1 million. The tax will target securities accounts held by resident individuals, 
companies and other legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial 
intermediary which is incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad.  The tax will also apply to 
securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial 
intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities 
accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined 
by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and 
stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium.  A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury.  In all other cases, the holder of the securities account must declare and pay the tax, unless 
evidence of the fact that the tax was already declared and paid by an intermediary incorporated or 
established in Belgium or not.   
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium can appoint a responsible representative 
established in Belgium, who will be jointly and severally liable for the declaration and payment of the 
tax and for all other formalities.

--- Page 245 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
245 
 
Certain transactions regarding securities accounts executed as from 30 October 2020 are not effective 
vis-à-vis the Belgian tax authorities, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities accounts 
held with the same intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments held in a securities 
account in financial instruments in registered form.   In addition, a general anti-abuse provision is 
introduced with effect from 30 October 2020.   
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication on the Belgian State Gazette, with the exception of the general anti-abuse provision which 
took effect on 30 October 2020 in relation to the annual tax on securities accounts.  The first reference 
period started on 26 February 2021 and will end on 30 September 2021, with 31 March, 30 June and 30 
September 2021 as reference dates. 
Belgian estate and gift tax 
Individuals resident in Belgium  
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Notes transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate.  
Gifts of Notes in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian Tax Administration for registration purposes. However, estate taxes on donated Notes are 
avoided only if a person can demonstrate that the gift (not subject to gift tax) occurred more than three 
years preceding the death of the grantor. 
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Notes on the death of a Belgian non-resident. 
Gifts of Notes in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian Tax Administration for registration purposes. 
REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS 
The following is a general summary of certain tax aspects of the Notes under Cypriot law practice in 
force and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax aspects relating to Notes. This summary does not analyse the tax position of the 
Issuer and it does not constitute, nor should it be construed as, tax or legal advice. Prospective investors 
should consult their tax and other professional advisers as to the specific tax consequences of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and of receiving interest on any Notes. 
Introduction 
In accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Law, Law 118(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "Income 
Tax Law") a person (natural or legal) is liable to tax on its worldwide income on the basis of residency.  
A person is deemed resident in Cyprus for the purposes of the Income Tax Law where, in the case of a 
natural person, that person is present in Cyprus for a period (or periods in aggregate) exceeding 183 days 
in the tax year and, in the case of a company, its management and control is exercised in Cyprus. The tax 
year for the purposes of the Income Tax Law coincides with the calendar year. 
Non-Cyprus tax residents are taxed on income derived from sources in Cyprus or from a business activity 
which is carried out through a permanent establishment in Cyprus. A company is regarded as having a 
"permanent establishment" in Cyprus, if it has a fixed base of business through which the business is 
carried out fully or partially, including a management base, a branch or an office.

--- Page 246 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
246 
 
Interest Income 
Non-Cyprus Tax Residents 
Persons (natural and legal) who are not resident for tax purposes pursuant to the provisions of the Income 
Tax Law will not be liable for any income tax or for the special contribution defence tax (as described 
below). Payments of interest made by the Issuer to such persons will not be subject to any Cyprus 
withholding taxes. 
Cyprus tax resident individuals 
Interest income received by or credited to a Cyprus tax resident individual is subject to special defence 
contribution levy at the rate of 30 per cent. pursuant to the provisions of the Special Defence Contribution 
Law, Law 117(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "SCDF Law"). Interest received or credited by a Cyprus tax 
resident individual, considered to arise in the ordinary course of the individual's business or considered 
closely connected thereto shall be treated as personal income and subject to income tax pursuant to the 
Income Tax Law. 
Cyprus tax resident companies that pay interest in respect of which special contribution defence tax is 
due to Cyprus tax resident individuals are obliged to withhold the special contribution defence tax at 
source and remit the tax to the Cypriot tax authorities. 
Cyprus tax resident companies 
Any interest accruing or received by a Cyprus resident company which is considered to arise in the 
ordinary course of the business or is considered closely connected thereto shall be subject only to 
(corporate) income tax at the rate of 12.50 per cent. Such income will not be liable to any tax under the 
SCDF Law. 
Interest income not arising in the ordinary course of business or being considered closely connected 
thereto shall be exempt from (corporate) income tax and shall be subject to tax under the SCDF Law at 
the rate of 30 per cent. 
Profit from the Disposal of the Notes 
Any gains derived from the disposal of Notes by a Cyprus resident individual or company are exempt 
from income tax in Cyprus. 
Provided that Notes would fall under the definitions of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot 
tax authorities as stated in the paragraph below) any gains from the disposal of Notes are not subject to 
Cyprus income tax, irrespective of the trading nature of the gain, the number of Notes held or the period 
for which the Notes were held. Any gain is also outside the scope of application of the Capital Gains Tax 
Law 1980-2002 (as amended). 
The Cyprus tax authorities have issued a circular interpreting the term “securities” as “shares, bonds, 
debentures, founders’ shares and other securities of companies or other legal persons, incorporated in 
Cyprus or abroad and options thereof”. Moreover it was further clarified that this term also includes 
options on the aforementioned securities, short positions on the aforementioned securities, 
futures/forwards on the aforementioned securities, swaps on aforementioned securities, depositary 
receipts on the aforementioned securities (ADRs, GDRs), rights of claim on bonds and debentures (rights 
on interest of these instruments are not included), index participations only if they result on the 
aformenetioned securities, repurchase agreements or repos on the aforementioned securities, units in 
open-end or close-end collective investment schemes. Promissory notes or similar instruments would not 
fall under the definition of securities. 
It is not clear if the Notes would fall under the definition of the terms securities as explained above or if 
these would be considered as promissory notes or similar instruments and for this reason each Note 
would need to be assessed on its terms of issuance.

--- Page 247 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
247 
 
Where the Notes do not fall within the definition of securites (as this was provided by the Cypriot tax 
authorties), then any gains derived from the disposal of Notes by a Cyprus resident individual or company 
would be subject to corporate tax or personal icome tax.  
Interest income would be however subject to the treatment set out above both in the case where the Notes 
fall within the definition of securites (as this was provided by the Cypriot tax authorties) and where they 
do not. 
Stamp Duty 
Following the enactment of the Stamp Duty (Amendment) (No. 2) Law 2002, section 4 of the Stamp 
Duty Law, Law 19/1963 as amended provides that: 
"(1) every instrument specified in the First Schedule shall be chargeable with duty of the amount 
specified in the said Schedule as the proper duty therefore respectively if it relates to any asset situated 
in the Republic or to matter or things which shall be performed or done in the Republic irrespective of 
the place where the document is made." 
In accordance with the principles of rulings of the Commissioner of Stamp Duty as of the date of this 
prospectus, an issue of Notes by the Issuer will not be liable to stamp duty where the proceeds of the 
issue will remain outside Cyprus, will be utilised for purposes outside Cyprus and the obligation under 
such Notes will be repaid outside Cyprus. 
Transfers of Notes effected outside of Cyprus between non-residents of Cyprus do not attract stamp duty 
in Cyprus, PROVIDED THAT the transferor and the transferee are not residents of Cyprus. 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Notes. They relate only 
to payments by the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) to beneficial owners of the Notes and may not apply to certain 
classes of persons such as Dealers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in Finland or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes 
and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon 
the law as in effect in Finland on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date, including changes with retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of the Finnish tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that each of the relevant 
Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of Finland for Finnish tax purposes. 
General 
Finnish residents and non-residents are treated differently for tax purposes in Finland. Finnish residents 
are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Non-residents who are not generally liable 
for tax in Finland are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident if such an individual continuously resides in 
Finland for more than six months or if the permanent home and dwelling of such an individual is in 
Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish tax purposes 
until three years have passed after the end of the year of emigration, even though the individual does not 
reside in Finland over six months or the permanent home and dwelling are not located in Finland, if such 
an individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential relationship to Finland in the tax year in 
question. Entities established under the laws of Finland and entities that have their place of effective 
management located in Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with domestic tax law. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to tax foreign source income of an 
individual or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law.

--- Page 248 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
248 
 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law, holders of Notes, who are resident in Finland for tax purposes, 
are as a general rule subject to Finnish tax on interest payments received under the Notes and on gains 
realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition of the Notes. 
Individuals 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation, FI: jälkimarkkinahyvitys and index 
compensation, FI: indeksihyvitys) received by individual holders of Notes and capital gain accrued on 
the Notes is generally taxed as capital income unless the Notes are considered to belong to the business 
activity of an individual. Capital income is taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. to the extent the annual 
capital income of the individual does not exceed EUR30,000. For the part of the capital income that 
exceeds EUR30,000 the tax rate is 34 per cent. 
Losses realised on the sale or redemption of Notes should be regarded as capital losses and be deductible 
against all capital income in the same year and the following five years, at least where the Notes are 
marketable.  
Income and gains from Notes considered to belong to the business activity of an individual for Finnish 
tax purposes are included in the total business income of such individual. The business income will be 
divided according to the Finnish Income Tax Act to be taxed as capital income (taxed at the rate of 30 or 
34 per cent.) and earned income taxed at a progressive tax rate. 
Corporates 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation, FI: jälkimarkkinahyvitys and index 
compensation, FI: indeksihyvitys) received by corporate holders of Notes and capital gain accrued on the 
Notes is generally taxed as business income or other income, taxed at the corporate income tax rate of 
20 per cent. Losses realised should be deductible against business income (where the Notes are 
considered business assets) or against capital gains in the other income source in the same year and the 
following five years (at least where the Notes are marketable). 
Tax exemptions may apply with respect to certain categories of corporate holders of Notes, such as tax 
exempt investment institutions, pension funds or other entities that are exempt from Finnish corporate 
income tax. 
Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not conduct business 
through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes either on payments in 
respect of the Notes or gains realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition of the Notes. 
Where the income under the Notes is attributable to a permanent establishment of a Non-resident holder 
of the Notes, the taxation would generally follow the taxation of resident holders of the Notes (see 
"Corporates" above). 
Withholding 
None of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor is under an obligation to 
perform any withholding or deduction for or on account of any income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by Finland or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in respect of any 
payments under the Notes. Further, such payments may be made free of any withholding when the 
recipient of the payment is not resident in Finland for tax purposes, or is a corporate resident in Finland 
for tax purposes. 
An agent or intermediary resident in Finland shall withhold advance income tax of 30 per cent. from any 
interest, interest compensation (FI: jälkimarkkinahyvitys) or index compensation, (FI: indeksihyvitys) 
paid to an individual residing in Finland where such payment is made through the agent or intermediary. 
Transfer Taxation 
A transfer of the Notes is not subject to Finnish transfer tax.

--- Page 249 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
249 
 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income 
arising from the holding of the Notes. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force 
and effect in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, 
potentially with retroactive effect. Investors should be aware that the summary below is of a general 
nature and does not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective 
investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the light of 
their individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the 
Notes. 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor are not (and will not be) French residents for French tax purposes and the Notes 
(and any transaction in connection therewith) are not (and will not be) attributed or attributable to a 
French branch, permanent establishment or fixed place of business in France of any Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor. 
In respect of those Notes which are treated as debt for French tax purposes, payments in respect of such 
Notes made by an Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and, the CGMFL Guarantor will be made free of any 
compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
However, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French tax code, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) 
is established in France and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax (which is 
deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made). Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at 
an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar revenues received by individuals who are 
fiscally domiciled in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
In respect of those Notes which are not treated as debt for French tax purposes, payments in respect of 
such Notes by an Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and, the CGMFL Guarantor will be made free of any 
compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes and the receipt of interest thereon. It does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply 
to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and as 
applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
As each Series or Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms 
of such Series or Tranche, the following section only provides some very generic information on the 
possible tax treatment and has to be read in conjunction with the more specific information on the taxation 
of each Series or Tranche of Notes as provided in the applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the taxation 
of the different types of Notes may differ from each other. The following summary only describes the 
tax treatment of Notes in general and certain particularities with respect to individual types of Notes. 
Where the term "certificates" is used in the following summary it refers – according to a German 
understanding of the term – to certain types of Notes linked to an underlying. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences 
of the acquisition, the ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes and the receipt of 
interest thereon, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each 
country of which they are residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to tax. Only these advisers will 
be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation of the respective holders of 
the relevant Notes.

--- Page 250 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
250 
 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest/Capital gains 
Interest payable on Notes to persons holding such Notes as private assets ("Private Investors") who are 
tax residents of Germany (i.e., persons whose residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) 
qualifies as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) according to Sec. 20 para 1 German 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is, in general, taxed at a separate flat tax rate of 25 per 
cent. according to Sec. 32d para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also 
referred to as "flat tax"), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. 
Please note that there are discussions ongoing that the 25 per cent. flat tax regime for interest income 
will be abolished so that the respective income would be taxed with the personal progressive income tax 
rate of up to 45 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and church tax, if applicable).  
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes, including the original issue discount and 
interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Note and credited separately ("Accrued Interest", 
Stückzinsen), if any, qualify – irrespective of any holding period – as investment income pursuant to Sec. 
20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are also generally taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 per cent., plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the Notes are assigned, 
redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage 
in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or redemption price 
(after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) and 
the acquisition price of the relevant Notes. Where the relevant Notes are issued in a currency other than 
Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro 
on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or 
redemption date respectively. If the Issuer exercises the right to substitute the Issuer of the Notes, the 
substitution might, for German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the Notes for new notes issued 
by the new Issuer. Such a substitution could result in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss for the 
respective investors. 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) 
related to interest payments or capital gains under the Notes are – except for a standard lump sum (Sparer-
Pauschbetrag) of Euro 801 (Euro 1,602 for jointly assessed holders) – in principle not deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes can only be set-
off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not possible in the assessment 
period in which the losses have been realised, such losses can be carried forward into future assessment 
periods only and can be set-off against investment income including capital gains generated in these 
future assessment periods. The offsetting of losses incurred by a Private Investor is subject to several 
restrictions. Losses incurred with respect to the Notes can only be offset against investment income of 
the Private Investor realised in the same or the following years.  According to new legislationlosses from 
capital claims of private investors can now be offset against income derived from capital investments up 
to an amount of EUR 20,000.00 p.a. Further, loss from Notes which qualify as derivative transactions 
(Termingeschäfte) may only be applied against profits from other derivative transactions, and only up to 
an amount of EUR 20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding any of these thresholds can be carried 
forward. 
Particularities apply with respect to so-called full risk certificates with several payment dates. According 
to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium) dated 18 January 
2016 (IV C1 – S 2252 08/10004:017) (as last amended by decree dated 19 February 2021 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003 :007)), all payments to the investor under such full risk certificates that are made prior to 
the final maturity date shall qualify as taxable income from an "other capital receivable" (sonstige 
Kapitalforderung) pursuant to Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act, unless the offering terms 
and conditions stipulate that such payments shall be redemption payments and the parties act accordingly. 
If there is no final redemption payment, the final maturity date shall not constitute a sale-like event in 
the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. Therefore, capital losses, if any, shall not be 
deductible; however, based on case law a non-payment on a security due to certain thresholds being

--- Page 251 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
251 
 
breached or an early termination of a security for this reason without any further payment shall be treated 
like a disposal resulting in the acquisition costs of such security being treated as a tax-deductible loss. 
Although this decree only refers to certain types of certificates, the German tax authorities apply the 
above described principles to other kinds of certificates as well. However, according to the decrees dated 
23 January 2017 (IV C 1 – S 2252/08/10004:018) and 12 April 2018 (IV CI-5 2252/08/10004:021) the 
German Federal Ministry of Finance now accepts losses in connection with the expiration of option rights 
(including options with knock out character) and respective warrants as well as certain derivative 
transactions which may also affect other financial instruments.  
Further, the German Federal Ministry of Finance in its decree dated 18 January 2016 (IV C 1 – S 
2252/08/10004:017)) (as amended) has taken the position that a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall) and a 
waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) shall, in general, not be treated as a sale, so that losses 
suffered upon such bad debt loss or waiver shall not be deductible for tax purposes. Despite conflicting 
case law of the Federal Tax Court (Bundesfinanzhof) in this regard and a new bill (see above) the 
Disbursing Agent has to follow the view of the tax authorities expressed in the administrative guidance 
when computing the tax to be withheld. It is not yet clear if and to what extent the tax authorities will 
reflect the recent developments in their interpretation of the law. In this respect, it is not clear, as well, 
whether the position of the German tax authorities may affect securities which are linked to a reference 
value in case such value decreases. Furthermore, the German Federal Fiscal Court (BFH VIII R 13/15 of 
October 24, 2017) recently decided that a finally suffered bad debt loss (due to insolvency) is tax 
deductible; the court did not decide whether this also applies in case of debt waiver. The ruling has been 
accepted by being officially published in the Federal Tax Gazette (Bundessteuerblatt) . 
Withholding 
If Notes are held in custody with or administered by a German credit institution, financial services 
institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading 
company or securities trading bank ("Disbursing Agent"), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the Disbursing 
Agent on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption (after 
the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) over the 
acquisition costs for the relevant Notes (if applicable converted into Euro terms on the basis of the foreign 
exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption date respectively). 
Church tax is collected by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private Investor has 
filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt 
für Steuern).  
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses against investment income including capital 
gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient investment income derived through the same 
Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the holder of Notes may – instead of having a loss carried 
forward into the following year – file an application with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the 
current fiscal year for a certification of losses in order to set-off such losses against investment income 
derived through other institutions in the holder's personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Notes.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act.  
If Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will - by way of 
withholding - apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon (whether or 
not presented with the relevant Note to which it appertains) to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-
German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In this case proceeds from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of the relevant Notes will also be subject to the withholding of the flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Note filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump sum of 
Euro 801 (Euro 1,602 for jointly assessed holders)) to the extent the income does not exceed the

--- Page 252 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
252 
 
maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no flat tax will 
be deducted if the holder of a Note has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid certificate of non-
assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent tax office. 
For Private Investors, the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g., if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor's income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 18 January 2016 (IV C 1 – S 2252/08/10004:017) (as last amended by decree dated 19 
February 2021 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :007)), however, any exceeding amount of not more than Euro 
500 per assessment period will not be claimed on grounds of equity, PROVIDED THAT no other reasons 
for an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax Act exist. Further, Private Investors 
may request that their total investment income, together with their other income, is subject to taxation at 
their personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat tax rate, if this results in a lower tax liability 
(Günstigerprüfung). According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act the flat tax rate is also 
not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). 
In order to prove such investment income and the withheld flat tax thereon, the investor may request 
from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding flat tax (e.g. if there is no Disbursing Agent) must be 
included in the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the 
investment income to be subject to taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the 
investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income 
Tax Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income 
Tax Act. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on Notes to persons holding the relevant Notes as business assets ("Business Investors") 
who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat 
or place of effective management and control is located in Germany) and capital gains from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of Notes, including the original issue discount and Accrued Interest, if any, 
are subject to income tax at the Business Investor's personal, progressive income tax rate (plus currently 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), or, in case of corporate entities, 
to corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon). 
Such interest payments and capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the relevant Notes form part 
of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes 
are, in general, recognised for tax purposes; this may be different if certain (in particular index linked) 
Notes qualify as derivative transactions.  
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's personal, progressive or corporate income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge 
in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential 
surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to further requirements, no withholding 
deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes if (i) such Notes 
are held by a corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 German 
Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from such Notes qualify as income of a domestic business and the 
investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form according to Sec. 43 
para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug).  
Where notes qualify as zero bonds and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the difference 
between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be taken 
into account as income. 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, foreign 
taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes.

--- Page 253 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
253 
 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on Notes and capital gains, including Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to German 
taxation, unless (i) the relevant Notes form part of the business property of a permanent establishment, 
including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the holder of the relevant 
Notes; (ii) the investment income otherwise constitutes German-source income; or (iii) the relevant Notes 
are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or proceeds from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of the relevant Notes are paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a 
coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-German bank or financial services institution) 
(Tafelgeschäft), if any. In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a tax regime similar to that explained above under 
"Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, as a rule, exempt from German withholding tax and the solidarity 
surcharge thereon, even if the relevant Notes are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent (cf. margin 
number 313 of the decree dated 18 January 2016 (IV C1 – S 2252 08/10004:017) (as last amended by 
decree dated 19 February 2021 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :007)). However, where the investment income 
is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph and the relevant Notes are held in a 
custodial account with a Disbursing Agent or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, withholding tax is levied as 
explained above under "Tax Residents". The withholding tax may be refunded based upon German 
national tax law or an applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Note will arise under the laws of Germany if, in the case 
of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, neither the donor 
nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Note is not attributable to a trade or business for which 
a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in Germany. 
Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of Notes. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is 
not levied in Germany. Germany and other EU Member States intend to introduce a financial transaction 
tax (see below). However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually introduced. In case 
such tax is introduced, the acquisition and disposal of Notes (in the secondary market) could be subject 
to a tax of at least 0.1 per cent. of the acquisition or disposal price. 
EU Residents 
The EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income has been repealed as of 1 January 
2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). However, 
the Council of the European Union has also adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the "Amending Cooperation 
Directive"), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation so 
as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime in accordance with the Global 
Standard released by the OECD Council as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria). 
Germany has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial Account 
Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz, FKAustG) according to which it will provide 
information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states as of 1 January 2016. 
Solidarity surcharge  
Please note that the solidarity surcharge is partially abolished as of the assessment period 2021 for certain 
individuals. The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment income and, thus, on 
withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-business Holders of Notes tax 
resident in Germany is lower than 25% such Holder can apply for his/her investment income being assessed 
at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see 
above). 
GREEK TAXATION

--- Page 254 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
254 
 
The following summary describes the principal Greek tax consequences in relation to the subscription, 
holding, redemption and disposal of the Notes by tax residents in the Hellenic Republic ("Greece") or 
investors otherwise subject to Greek taxation (due to a permanent establishment in Greece through which 
the Notes are held) (for the purposes of this summary). The discussion is not exhaustive and does not 
purport to deal with all the tax consequences applicable to all possible categories of Noteholders, some 
of which may be subject to special rules, and also does not touch upon procedural requirements such as 
the filing of proof of residence of a tax declaration or of supporting documentation required. Further, it 
is not intended as tax advice to any particular investor nor does it purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Greek taxation considerations thereof. 
This summary is based on the tax legislation, published case law, ministerial decisions and other 
regulatory acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and does 
not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect. There are also certain tax issues which have not 
been clarified, up to this time, by the tax administration.  
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. "Greek tax residents" 
includes, as regards legal persons and legal entities, the permanent establishment in Greece of a foreign 
legal person or legal entity, where the Notes are held through that permanent establishment. 
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this section, it is assumed that none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor is a resident of Greece for Greek taxation purposes. 
Furthermore, it is noted that the Greek tax legislation does not explicitly provide for specific rules for 
the tax treatment of combined instruments in terms of Notes, the performance of which is linked to the 
performance of an underlying, financial index or basket of assets. Therefore, the discussion below is 
limited to the payment of interest under the Notes and their corresponding treatment as debt securities. 
Interest payments 
(a) 
Individual Noteholders 
Payments of interest under the Notes to individual holders of the Notes are subject to income 
tax at a flat rate of 15 per cent. If payment of interest is effected through a Greek paying or other 
similar agent, a withholding tax of 15 per cent. shall apply. Such withholding tax exhausts the 
income tax liability of the respective individual recipients of such interest income. 
(b) 
Noteholders that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
Payments of interest under the Notes by the relevant Issuer to legal persons and legal entities 
that are Greek tax residents will be treated as part of their annual income. Income of legal 
persons and legal entities is taxed at a flat rate, which is currently 22 per cent. for income 
generated in 2021 and onwards. If payment is effected through a Greek paying or other similar 
agent, a withholding of 15 per cent. applies, which will be treated as an advance payment over 
income tax owed for that financial year. 
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Notes  
(a) 
Individual Noteholders  
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Notes are subject to income tax at a rate of 15 
per cent.. Capital gains will equal the difference between the acquisition and the transfer price 
of a Note, plus/minus expenses directly related to the acquisition/transfer price of the Note. 
Capital gains may be set off, under certain circumstances, against capital losses from securities 
that have been incurred in the last 5 years.

--- Page 255 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
255 
 
Notwithstanding the above, capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA issuers are 
exempted from income tax over capital gains, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds.  
"Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt 
instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be 
convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest 
and/or may provide a right to profits. 
In this context, the tax authority has expressed the view that the difference between the 
acquisition value on the secondary market and the payment of principal received upon expiry 
of a corporate bond does not constitute capital gains. In this case "bonds" should again be 
interpreted narrowly, as above. 
It would be reasonable to assume that payments under the Notes by a guarantor will be classified 
for tax purposes in the same manner as if the payment were being made by the relevant Issuer, 
although this point has not been addressed specifically in a general manner. 
(b) 
Holders of the Notes that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
As a rule, all income of legal persons and legal entities is classified as income from business 
activities and taxed at a rate of 22 per cent.for income generated in 2021 and onwards. 
Notwithstanding the above, as regards capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA 
issuers taxation is deferred until capitalisation, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds. Upon 
capitalisation or distribution, capital gains will be taxed at the then applicable income tax rate. 
"Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt 
instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be 
convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest 
and/or may provide a right to profits. 
Solidarity Contribution 
All income, taxable and tax exempted, of individual holders of the Notes that are Greek tax residents, 
exceeding EUR12,000 is subject to a tax called "solidarity contribution". Solidarity contribution is 
calculated on a graduated scale between 0 per cent. and 10 per cent. over the total income of an individual. 
Recently enacted Greek legislation provides for an exemption from the solidarity levy in respect of 
income realized in connection with the Notes by individual holders for year 2021. 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition 
and ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific 
facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in 
Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with 
retrospective effect. The acquisition of Notes by non-Hungarian holders, or the payment of interest under 
Notes may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the relevant holder, which is 
not covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the avoidance of double taxation 
should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax 
advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary and each country of which they are 
residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident individual holders)  
Foreign resident individual holders are subject to personal income tax in Hungary if they realise income 
that qualifies as Hungarian sourced income (i) in accordance with an applicable tax treaty; or, (ii) in the 
absence of a tax treaty, in accordance with Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the "Personal 
Income Tax Act").  
If a tax treaty is applicable, then Hungary's taxation right has to be determined based on the treaty. If the 
income is taxable in Hungary – which is generally the case if the income qualifies as interest or dividend

--- Page 256 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
256 
 
under the treaty – then 15 per cent. Hungarian withholding tax applies but such tax rate may be reduced 
by the treaty. In the absence of a tax treaty generally any income realized on the Notes is subject to 15 
per cent. withholding tax in Hungary. Please note, however, that the Hungarian tax rules and taxation 
practice are rather ambiguous in relation to source taxation of non-residents' capital income. 
The tax on payments of certain income types are to be withheld by the "Payor" (kifizető) (as defined 
below). 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation ("ART") a Payor means a Hungarian resident legal 
person, organisation or private entrepreneur who provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, "Payor" means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. The Hungarian permanent 
establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor.  
Interest, as defined by Schedule 7 of the ART (which implements the provisions of the Savings 
Directive), realised on Notes by citizens of any other Member State is not subject to Hungarian tax where 
a paying agent based in Hungary provides data to the Hungarian state tax authority on the basis of 
Schedule 7 of the ART. 
Please note that the provisions of the applicable double tax conventions, if any, should be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Proceeds from Notes paid to foreign resident corporate holders who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, by resident legal entities or other persons and any capital gains realised by 
such foreign resident holders on the sale of the Notes is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary 
is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The tax liability of Hungarian tax resident private individuals covers the worldwide income of such 
persons.  
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of tax resident individual holders 
of Notes, interest, dividends and the capital gains realised upon the redemption or the sale of publicly 
offered and publicly traded debt securities is subject to personal income tax at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Notes listed on a regulated market of a Member State are considered publicly offered and traded 
Securities. 
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
"Payor" (kifizető) (as defined below) to withhold tax on the certain payments to individual holders.  
Pursuant to the ART the definition of a "Payor" covers a Hungarian resident legal person, other 
organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that 
is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, "Payor" shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) 
(legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases 
where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer or payment.

--- Page 257 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
257 
 
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident taxpayers have a 
full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary 
(i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary 
are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holders on Notes will be 
taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holders. The general corporate tax rate in 
Hungary is flat 9 per cent. 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax and innovation tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on Notes. 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax and stamp duty tax consequences of 
ownership of the Notes. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in 
force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The statements in 
this summary are based on the understanding that Notes will be treated as debt for Irish tax purposes. 
This summary applies to Noteholders who beneficially own Notes as an investment. Particular rules not 
discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes including dealers in Notes and 
trusts. This summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general 
nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular 
holder of Notes. Prospective investors in any Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of Notes and the receipt of payments thereon 
under any laws applicable to them. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax  
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax 
from payments of interest on any Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source 
income. Interest paid on Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which is used to fund the payments on such Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such Notes is 
maintained in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGMFL are, or will be, resident in 
Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGMFL will have a branch 
or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGMFL 
will maintain a register of any Registered Notes in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per 
cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, 
funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends 
or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial holder of the Notes (i) is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or 
(ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment.

--- Page 258 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
258 
 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Notes 
As the Issuers will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting 
a transfer of the Notes so long as (i) the Notes do not derive their value or the greater part of 
their value directly or indirectly from any immovable property situated in Ireland and (ii) the 
instrument of transfer of the Notes does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such 
property; or  
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than a company which is (i) an "investment undertaking" within the meaning of section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 ("TCA") or (ii) a "qualifying company" 
within the meaning of Sections 110 of the TCA. 
ITALIAN TAXATION  
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Notes. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Italian tax treatment of the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Noteholder transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation 
of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at 
maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Noteholders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments. 
Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" 
Notes which provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early redemption) 
Italian-resident Noteholders 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, ("Decree No. 239") provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, 
by non-Italian resident issuers. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not less than their principal amount (whether 
or not providing for interim payments) and that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate 
in the management of the relevant Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any 
type of control on such management.

--- Page 259 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
259 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the relevant Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 ("TUIR") (with the exception of general partnership, 
limited partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an 
investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to 
Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified as “net recipients” (unless the 
Noteholders referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the management of their financial 
assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so called “risparmio 
gestito” regime according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended 
("Decree No. 461") – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the event that Noteholders described under (i), 
(ii) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the relevant Notes are connected, 
the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 
232 of 11 December 2016 (the "Finance Act 2017") and Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 of 30 
December 2018 ("Finance Act 2019"), as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for 
long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 
2020 by Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted into Law with amendments 
by Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019 ("Decree No. 124"), as subsequently amended and restated by 
Article 136 of Law Decree 19 May 2020, No. 34 converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 77 
of 17 July 2020 ("Decree No. 34") and by Article 68 of Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 104 converted 
into Law with amendments by Law No. 126 of 13 October 2020 ("Decree No. 104"). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 
of TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Notes are effectively 
connected and such Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other 
income from such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation ("IRES") 
and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP"). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law 
No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law n. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs 
(the "Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the Real Estate Funds. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed share capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) 
established in Italy (the "Fund") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision 
of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium 
and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., will apply, in certain circumstances to 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other

--- Page 260 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
260 
 
income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 
(92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1 (100 – 114) of Financial Act 2017 and Article 1 (210 – 
215) of Financial Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for long-term 
individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, by 
Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and restated by Article 136 of Decree No. 
34 and by Article 68 of Decree No. 104. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary") as 
subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which such Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any entity paying interest to a Noteholder. If interest, premium and other income on the Notes are not 
collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is 
levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners qualified as "net recipient" will be required to include 
interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder of interest or 
premium relating to Notes PROVIDED THAT, if Notes are held in Italy, the non-Italian resident 
Noteholder declares itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax regulations. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes would be treated as part of 
the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the relevant 
Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
relevant Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not holding Notes in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non commercial private or public 
institution any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
such Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under 
some conditions and limitations, Noteholders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 
2017 and Article 1 (211 – 215) of the Finance Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 
April 2019, and for long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and 
restated by Article 136 of Decree No. 34 and by Article 68 of Decree No. 104. According to Article 1

--- Page 261 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
261 
 
(219-226) of Law 30 December 2020, No. 178, under certain conditions, if the Notes are included in a 
long-term savings account that meets specific requirements, capital losses realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes give rise to a tax credit amounting to the lower of the capital losses and the 20% 
of the amount invested in the long-term saving accounts. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian 
resident Noteholders pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the relevant Notes carried 
out during any given tax year. These Noteholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any 
tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on 
such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. As 
an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above 
may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption 
or redemption of the relevant Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by Article 6 of 
the Decree No. 461. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Notes being deposited 
with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election 
for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon 
the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount 
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes results 
in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Notes, to an authorised intermediary and 
have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree 
No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but 
the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund to which the provisions of 
Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and Article 1 (210 – 215) of Financial 
Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for long-term individual savings

--- Page 262 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
262 
 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of 
Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and restated by Article 136 of Decree No. 34 and by Article 
68 of Decree No. 104. According to Article 1 (219-226) of Law 30 December 2020, No. 178, under 
certain conditions, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account that meets specific 
requirements, capital losses realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes give rise to a tax credit 
amounting to the lower of the capital losses and the 20% of the amount invested in the long-term saving 
accounts. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes are not 
subject to Italian taxation, PROVIDED THAT the relevant Notes (i) are traded on regulated markets, or 
(ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Moreover, even if the Notes are held in Italy, no Italian imposta sostitutiva applies on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes if the non-Italian resident beneficial 
owner of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected 
is resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows an adequate exchange of information with 
the Italian tax authorities and is listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September, 1996 as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian Ministerial Decree 
dated 23 March, 2017) (the "White List"). The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of 
the Notes are (i) international entities or organizations established in accordance with international 
agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries included 
in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayers in their own country of residence; or 
(iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. Under 
these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected elect for the risparmio gestito or are subject to the risparmio 
amministrato, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they provide in 
time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) 
stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non- 
Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes. In such a case, in order to benefit from this 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes 
with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio gestito or are 
subject to the risparmio amministrato, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised 
financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the competent 
tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato shall automatically apply, unless 
it is expressly waived, where the Notes are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian resident 
authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign 
intermediary. 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Noteholders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer and would thus be 
subject to the tax regime described in the following paragraphs of this section. 
Notes issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor pursuant to the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee. Notes issued by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be guaranteed by any entity.

--- Page 263 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
263 
 
Notes which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early 
redemption) 
In case of Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli 
atipici) pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 ("Decree No. 512") and payments in 
respect of such Notes received by Italian Noteholders would be subject to the following regime: 
(a) 
if the Notes are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual Noteholder holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. final 
withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or financial 
intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Notes, in the 
repurchase or in the transfer of the Notes; 
(b) 
if the Notes are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the Notes are 
not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary (that is involved 
in the collection of payments on the Notes, in the repurchase or in the transfer thereof) and no 
withholding tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners will be required to declare the 
payments in their income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per 
cent. The Italian individual Noteholder may elect instead to pay ordinary IRPEF at the 
progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the Noteholder should 
generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes that are classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a 
longterm individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and Article 1 (211 – 215) of the Finance Act 2019, 
as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for long-term individual savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 
124, as subsequently amended and restated by Article 136 of Decree No. 34 and by Article 68 of Decree 
No. 104. 
Such withholding tax does not apply to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder and 
to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership (with the exception of 
general partnership, limited partnership and similar entities), or (iii) a commercial private or public 
institution. 
Notes representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
The tax regime applicable to Notes representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative 
financial instruments and Notes entitling the holder to purchase shares is the same described above under 
the caption "Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" – Capital Gains Tax". 
Provisions relating to the long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) according to Article 1 (100 -114) of Finance Act 2017 and Article 1 (211 – 215) of Financial 
Act 2019 as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019, and for long-term individual savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, by Article 13-bis of 
Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and restated by Article 136 of Decree No. 34 and by Article 
68 of Decree No. 104 do not apply in connection with securities representing derivative financial 
instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments. 
Notes cannot be qualified as securitised derivative financial instruments, may qualify as "atypical 
securities" (titoli atipici), whose tax regime is described under section "Notes representing debt 
instruments implying a "use of capital"- Notes which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue 
price (at maturity or upon early redemption)" above.

--- Page 264 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
264 
 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000.  
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 – 114) of Financial 
Act 2017 and Article 1 (211 – 215) of Financial Act 2019, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 
April 2019 and for long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) established 
from 1 January 2020 by Article 13-bis of Decree No. 124, as subsequently amended and restated by 
Article 136 of Decree No. 34 and by Article 68 of Decree No. 104, are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of Euro 200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the "Decree No. 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate 
of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal value 
or redemption amount of the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers 
at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes outside the 
Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent ("IVAFE"). Starting from 
2020, Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of 
IVAFE to Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnership and equivalent entities, in addition 
to Italian resident individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of such Notes held outside the Italian

--- Page 265 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
265 
 
territory or where the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the 
Notes. The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at €14,000 per year for taxpayers other than 
individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the IVAFE due). The financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Notes held 
abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies 
in the case that at the end of the tax year, Notes are no longer held by the above Italian resident individuals 
and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required with respect to Notes deposited for management 
with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into through their 
intervention, provided that the same intermediaries apply a withholding tax or imposta sostitutiva on any 
income derived from the Notes. 
Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) depending on the features of the Notes 
Pursuant to Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a FTT applies to (a) transfer of ownership of shares and 
other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing 
the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident 
issuers or not) (the "Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main 
underlying assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or 
more Relevant Securities, as well as to (c) any transaction on certain securities (i) which allow to mainly 
purchase or sell one or more Relevant Securities or (ii) implying a cash payment determined with main 
reference to one or more Relevant Securities. 
Notes could be included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the requirements set out 
above. On the other hand, Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the FTT. 
The FTT on derivative instruments is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the 
relevant instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 
200 per transaction. The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the 
transaction is performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU and EEA 
member States. The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. FTT exemptions 
and exclusions are provided for certain transactions and entities.  
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any 
way, in the execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to 
apply the FTT can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary 
is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT must be paid by the taxpayers. Investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers also on the possible impact of the FTT. 
NETHERLANDS TAXATION 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of 
all Netherlands tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Netherlands tax law, a holder 
of Notes may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title to the relevant Notes, but 
to whom nevertheless such Notes or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory 
provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in such Notes or the income 
thereof. This summary is intended as general information only for holders of Notes who are residents or 
deemed residents of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes. This summary is intended as general 
information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to 
the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of any Notes.

--- Page 266 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
266 
 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(i) 
Investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(ii) 
Pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are not subject to or exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax; 
(iii) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the relevant Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a 
certain related person holds a substantial interest in the relevant Issuer. Generally speaking, a 
substantial interest in the relevant Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an 
individual, together with his or her partner (statutory defined term), directly or indirectly, holds 
or is deemed to hold (a) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the relevant 
Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the relevant 
Issuer, (b) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (c) certain profit sharing rights 
in the relevant Issuer; 
(iv) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the separated 
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Netherlands Income Tax 
Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba, and such Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom Notes or the income therefrom are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of the Netherlands tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuers are 
neither residents of the Netherlands nor deemed to be residents of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax 
purposes nor have a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to which the Notes are attributed. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
Netherlands Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuers under Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Netherlands Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or 
is only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or 
disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25 per cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands individual income tax purposes, for individual income tax purposes income derived from 
the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the

--- Page 267 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
267 
 
progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Netherlands Income Tax Act 
2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds any Notes, must 
determine taxable income with regard to such Notes on the basis of a deemed return on savings and 
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. This deemed return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield 
basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's 
yield basis exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined 
as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of 
certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset 
in the individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases 
progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on income from savings 
and investments is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent.  
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Netherlands income 
tax in respect of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of 
the Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands 
to which permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(2) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands 
and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
This income is subject to  corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25 per cent. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify 
as income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect 
to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of 
securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. Income derived from a share in 
the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be 
taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents 
of the Netherlands"). 
Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Netherlands gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of any Notes by 
way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of such Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions of the Netherlands gift and inheritance tax; or

--- Page 268 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
268 
 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions of the Netherlands gift and inheritance tax. 
Netherlands Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of Notes or 
in respect of a cash payment made under any Notes, or in respect of a transfer of any Notes. 
Other Netherlands Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty 
will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of any Notes. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax considerations related to the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Notes. The summary regarding Norwegian taxation is based on Norwegian laws, rules 
and regulations as they exist in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Such laws, rules and 
regulations may be subject to changes after this date possibly on a retroactive basis. The summary does 
not address tax issues in other jurisdictions than Norway. 
The following summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the Norwegian tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose 
of Notes. Specific tax consequences may occur for different categories of Noteholders, e.g. if the 
Noteholder ceases to be tax resident in Norway etc. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to Notes. 
Instead, the tax treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital 
income and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is to a large extent based on the substance-over-form 
principle. If the applicable Issue Terms includes conditions which are common to equity instruments and 
the relevant Notes, after an overall assessment, have characteristics closer to equity instruments rather 
than debt, the economic reality might overrule the formalities for income tax purposes. Thus the 
applicable Issue Terms may cause the taxation of the relevant Notes to depart from the tax treatment 
described in this summary. In the following, it is assumed that the Notes do not qualify as equity 
instruments for income tax purposes.  
The summary is solely related to holders of Notes who are resident in Norway for tax purposes 
("Norwegian Noteholders"). However, companies incorporated and resident abroad are liable to tax in 
Norway on distribution and gains from Notes in the same manner as Norwegian resident companies, to 
the extent the Notes are effectively connected to a business carried out in or managed from Norway. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely on 
their own tax advisers. 
Taxation on Distribution to the Noteholder 
Norwegian Noteholders, both physical persons and corporations, are liable to tax in Norway on payments 
in respect of interest or similar payments on Notes classified as debentures for Norwegian tax purposes. 
The tax rate is currently 22 per cent.. Return on the notes is taxed on accrual basis, i.e. regardless of when 
the return is actually paid.  
If a Note is repaid with a higher amount than the price at which it was issued (discounted bond), the 
excess amount shall be a part of the computation of the gain or loss when the Note is sold or redeemed. 
Taxation on sale and redemption of Notes 
Norwegian Noteholders, both physical persons and corporations, are taxable in Norway in respect of 
capital gains on the sale and redemption of Notes and have a corresponding right to deduct losses that

--- Page 269 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
269 
 
arise from such redemption or realisation. The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the Notes 
have been owned and the number of Notes that have been redeemed or realised. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Noteholder 
on realisation and the cost price for the Notes. The cost price is equal to the price for which the Noteholder 
acquired the Notes. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition, redemption or realisation of the 
Note may be deducted from the Norwegian Noteholder's taxable ordinary income in the year of 
redemption or realisation. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption, and losses can be deducted from 
ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption. The tax rate for ordinary income is currently 22 per 
cent.. 
Norwegian Withholding tax 
New rules regarding withholding tax on interest payments have been introduced with effect from 1 July 
2021. The rules imply that withholding tax will be applied on interests payments from entities with full 
or limited tax liability to Norway, to recipients being a related party to the payor and being tax resident 
in a low-tax jurisdiction. 
Norwegian withholding tax should not apply to payments in respect of interest or similar payments on 
Notes or on capital gains on sale or redemption of Notes, as the Issuer is not an entity with full or limited 
tax liability to Norway. 
Net wealth tax 
Norwegian Noteholders organised as limited liability companies and similar entities are not subject to 
net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian Noteholders that are natural persons are subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. Notes are 
included as part of the taxable base for this purpose. The value for assessment purposes for listed notes 
is the quoted value on 1 January in the year of assessment. Unlisted bonds are generally valued at their 
estimated value on 1 January in the assessment year. The maximum aggregate rate of net wealth tax (both 
state and municipality net wealth tax) is currently 0.85 per cent. 
Stamp duty 
There is no stamp duty or other charges in Norway on the purchase, redemption or realisation of Notes. 
Foreign taxes 
Income taxes or capital gains taxes payable by Norwegian Noteholders in other jurisdictions, or 
withholding tax payable on redemption amounts in respect of the Notes, may be deducted when 
calculating the Norwegian tax payable on the same income. The deduction is limited, however, to the 
corresponding amount of Norwegian tax applicable. The right for both Norwegian and other jurisdictions 
to tax Norwegian Noteholders directly or through the application of withholding taxes may be limited by 
an applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance tax 
Norway does not currently impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts. However, an heir 
who has inherited Notes will acquire the donor's tax input value of the Notes based on principles of 
continuity and will be liable to pay tax on any increase in value of the Notes at the time of the heir's 
realisation of the Notes. 
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this

--- Page 270 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
270 
 
Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Notes. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or 
any other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act"), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days 
in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by a 
Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive 
tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid 
abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the 
Polish tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within 
the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax upon any 
interest payment.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting 
as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through those entities.  
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect 
those cases to be analogous to those of non-residents.  Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, 
income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular 
income (revenues) from:  
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective 
of the place where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property;

--- Page 271 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
271 
 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those 
obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights 
resulting from them; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
7. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
8. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
9. 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland.   
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and 
whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since 
the Issuer is not a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Notes should not be considered as 
earned in the territory of Poland, unless specific situation occurs (eg the Notes are admitted to 
public trading in Poland). 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, according to the established practice, 
foreign entities do not act as Polish withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities 
operate by way of a branch that constitutes a tax establishment in Poland).   Therefore, it should 
not be expected that the Issuer will collect the withholding tax. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual 
is obliged to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter 
"Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the 
amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax 
is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. 
This rule also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign 
establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes referred to 
herein) registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter 
in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is 
withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus 
Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers 
through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the

--- Page 272 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
272 
 
Notes were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the 
tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid 
abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the 
Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
(b) 
Income from the Notes other than interest 
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Notes against a consideration, 
derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Notes, held 
as non-business assets, qualify as capital income according to Article 17 of the Polish Personal 
Income Tax Act. Such income does not cumulate with the general income subject to the 
progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT 
Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as the difference between the sum of 
revenues from a transfer of securities against a consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated 
on the basis of the relevant provisions of the PIT Act  under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act.  Based 
on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid 
reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the 
tax authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the Notes) 
against a consideration.  Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of 
the year following the tax year in which the income was earned.   
(c) 
Notes held as business assets 
If an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in principle, interest should not be subject 
to withholding tax. In such case, interest (discount) and other income from the Notes should be 
treated as income from business activities and should be subject to tax in the same way as other 
business income. The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or the 17 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive 
tax rate depending on the choice and meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the 
individuals themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire income 
of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in 
Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income.  As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on 
a cash basis, ie when it is received and not when it has accrued.  Income from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract.  
According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in 
the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognized when the corresponding revenue has been 
achieved.  The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount 
and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from 
the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including 
their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT 
Act).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is 
included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act).

--- Page 273 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
273 
 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers. 
Although, in principle, no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate 
income taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall 
include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
5. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
7. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland.

--- Page 274 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
274 
 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland.  However, since the Issuer is not 
a Polish entity, income from the Notes should not be considered as earned in Poland and no Polish 
withholding tax should apply, unless specific circumstances occur, eg the Notes are admitted to 
public trading in Poland.  
If income from the Notes is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special exemption for notes meeting special conditions 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject 
to limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on notes: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading 
system within the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, in the territory of Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a 
double tax convention concluded with Poland which regulates the taxation of income 
from dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an affiliate, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the Issuer 
of such notes, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other affiliates within the meaning 
of those regulations, more than 10% of the nominal value of those notes. 
Under Art. 26.1aa-1ac of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or 
discount in respect of the notes meeting the above requirements, provided that the Issuer submits 
to the tax authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing affiliates, 
within the meaning of the transfer pricing provisions, about the exemption conditions applying 
to those affiliates.  The declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of notes, not later 
than the date of the payment of interest or discount on the notes. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-26 of the 
PIT Act). 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption 
In the absence of the exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the 
Notes earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the 
case of corporate income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of 
natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act).  
Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within the 
scope of their business activity, should withhold this tax and a similar provisions are provided 
in Art. 41.4 of the PIT Act. Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities 
accounts and Omnibus Accounts for taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this 
interest income if such interest income (revenue) was earned in Poland and is connected with 
securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment to the taxpayer is made through 
said entities.  Although it is considered that foreign entities do not act as Polish tax remitters, 
according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to non-residents to the extent they 
operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which securities are registered, 
is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment.  Similar provisions concerning interest 
payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.   
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to 
income (revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the 
PIT Act).  To benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer

--- Page 275 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
275 
 
should present a valid certificate of its tax residence.  As a rule, the tax residence certificate is 
considered valid for twelve consecutive months from its date of issue. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners.  Pursuant to Art. 
4a.29 of the CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an 
entity meeting all of the following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently 
about its purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that 
receivable or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually 
obliged to transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts real business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are 
obtained in connection with the conducted business activity. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income 
tax on capital gains, including income from the sale of notes obtained in Poland by a tax resident 
of a given country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts.  Also, 
in cases where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax 
residents (natural persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to 
interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be 
withheld.  Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the 
aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus 
Account holder.  Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter 
from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the 
Omnibus Account holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to 
receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign 
establishment in Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law 
should apply that are analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with 
some necessary additional requirements (eg the requirement to present the interest payer with a 
certificate of tax residence along with a declaration that the interest is related to the 
establishment's activities). 
Special provisions on withholding tax on large payments 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, 
the following regime applies. 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out on account of the items listed in 
Art. 21.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on notes) and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to 
the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, payers are, as a general 
rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per 
cent. in the case of interest/discount on notes) from the excess over that amount, without being 
able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty, and also without 
taking into account exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties 
(hereinafter the "Obligation to Withhold Tax").

--- Page 276 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
276 
 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 
months, the amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies is calculated by 
multiplying 1/12 of PLN 2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year 
in which the payment was made; if the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference 
to the payer's tax year, the Obligation to Withhold Tax shall apply accordingly to the payer's 
current financial year and, in its absence, with respect to the payer's other period with features 
specific to the financial year, not longer however than 23 consecutive months. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine 
whether the amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies was exceeded, the amounts 
paid are converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of 
Poland on the last business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same 
taxpayer, it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Obligation to Withhold Tax 
applies. 
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply if the payer has 
declared that: 
(a) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax 
exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(b) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding 
tax rate resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any 
grounds for the assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of 
applying the tax rate or tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or 
double tax treaties, in particular it is not aware of the existence of circumstances 
preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions referred to in other regulations, 
including the fact that the interest/discount recipient is their beneficial owner and, if 
the interest/discount is obtained in connection with the business activity conducted by 
the taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual 
business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act 
(eg the Issuer's management board), specifying his/her position.  The declaration cannot be 
made by proxy.  The declaration is to be made by in electronic form not later than the payment 
day (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax as a result of the Obligation to Withhold Tax, if double tax treaties 
or special regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax 
remitter (if the taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of 
such tax, eg as a result of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting 
the relevant documents and declarations.  When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax 
authorities shall carry it out within six months. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding the 
exclusion or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the "Regulation"), the application 
of the Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded inter alia in relation to the following 
interest/discount payments: 
(a) 
to central banks not having their registered office or management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, obtained from interest or discount on treasury bonds issued by the 
State Treasury on the domestic market and acquired from 7 November 2015; 
(b) 
to economic units established by a state administration body jointly with other States 
under an agreement or contract, unless those agreements or contracts provide 
otherwise; 
(c) 
to international organizations of which the Republic of Poland is a member;

--- Page 277 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
277 
 
(d) 
to entities with which the Republic of Poland has concluded cooperation agreements, 
if they have been exempted from corporate income tax on the receivables in question; 
and 
(e) 
to entities exempt from corporate income tax, provided that their name is indicated in 
double tax treaties to which the Republic of Poland is a party. 
In addition, until 31 December 2021, the Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded in respect of 
interest/discount on securities for taxpayers having their registered office or management in the 
territory of a state being a party to a double tax treaty with the Republic of Poland which 
regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties, if there is a legal basis 
for exchanging tax information with the state of the taxpayer's registered office or management. 
It should be noted that payments made in 2021, but before 31 December 2021, that are excluded 
from the Obligation to Withhold Tax under the Regulation, will be included in the above-
mentioned limit from which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies, in relation to payments 
made after 31 December 2021. 
The Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable 
to Notes meeting certain conditions referred to in the section Special exemption for Notes 
meeting special conditions above, provided that the Issuer submits to the tax authority a 
declaration that the Issuer has observed due diligence in informing its affiliates, within the 
meaning of the provisions on transfer pricing, about the terms of that exemption in relation to 
those affiliates.  The declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of Notes, by no later 
than the date of the payment of interest or discount on the Notes. 
(b) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which 
provides for an analogous tax withholding obligation, while the Regulation of the Minister of 
Finance of 31 December 2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of 
the PIT Act is the equivalent of the Regulation. 
PORTUGUESE TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the current Portuguese tax treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
certain aspects of payments of principal and income in respect of Notes. The statements do not deal with 
other Portuguese tax aspects regarding Notes and relate only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of Notes. The following is a general guide, does not constitute tax or legal advice and 
should be treated with appropriate caution. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position 
should consult their professional advisers.  
The reference to "investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means "investment 
income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements below do not take any 
account of any different definitions of "investment income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under 
any other law or which may be created by the Conditions of the Notes or any related documentation.  
Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes are qualified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Noteholder's Income Tax 
Income generated by the holding ("distributions") and disposal of Notes is generally subject to the 
Portuguese tax regime for debt securities (obrigações).  
Economic benefits derived from amortisation, reimbursement premiums and other types of remuneration 
arising from Notes are designated as investment income (rendimentos de capital) for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Withholding tax 
Under current Portuguese law, investment income payments in respect of Notes made to Portuguese tax 
resident companies are included in their taxable income and are subject to a Portuguese corporate income

--- Page 278 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
278 
 
tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as established in 
Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21 
per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) 
of up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Noteholders' taxable profits, where applicable. 
Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000.  
As regards to investment income on Notes made to Portuguese tax resident individuals, they are subject 
to personal income tax which shall be withheld at the current final withholding rate of 28 per cent. if 
there is a Portuguese resident paying agent, unless the individual elects to include it in his taxable income, 
subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional income tax rate will be 
due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the 
taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of 
the taxable income exceeding Euro 250,000. 
Investment income payments due by non-resident entities to Portuguese tax resident individuals are 
subject to an autonomous taxation at a rate of 28 per cent. whenever those payments are not subject to 
Portuguese withholding tax unless the individual elects to include it in his taxable income, subject to tax at 
the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional income tax rate will be due on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 
per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the 
tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
None of the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and, where the 
relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, are responsible for withholding 
at source any amount in respect of Portuguese withholding tax, whenever applicable, on interest 
payments arising from the Notes. 
Payments of principal on Notes are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. For these purposes, 
principal shall mean all payments carried out without any income component. 
Capital Gains 
Under current Portuguese law, capital gains obtained by Portuguese tax resident companies on the 
disposal of Notes issued by non-resident entities are included in their taxable income and are subject to 
corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise 
as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to 
€25,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which is added a municipal surcharge of up to 
1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Noteholders' taxable profits, where applicable. Corporate 
taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge (derrama 
estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to €7,500,000, (ii) 
5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, And (iii) 9 per cent. 
on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000.  
Capital gains obtained by individuals who are resident in Portugal for tax purposes on the disposal of 
Notes are subject to a special tax rate of 28 per cent., levied on the positive difference between the capital 
gains and capital losses of each year unless the individual opts to include the income in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional income tax rate 
will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if 
any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000. 
No Portuguese withholding tax applies on capital gains.

--- Page 279 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
279 
 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic exchange 
of information in the field of taxation was transposed into the Portuguese Law through the Decree-Law 
no. 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding 
certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will 
report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or third States which have 
signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report 
to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of 
residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons 
residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the 
Directive. The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or 
credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or 
credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, 
broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law 
no. 98/2017, of 24 August and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the 
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising 
thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 
December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
FATCA 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 and Decree Law 64/2016, of 
11 of October 2016, the legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United 
States of America on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with Sections 1471 
through 1474 of FATCA. In this regard, the United States of America and Portugal have signed on 6 
August 2015 an intergovernmental agreement (IGA). The IGA entered into force on 10 August 2016, 
and through Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 
24 August 2017, and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the 
complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under this legislation the Issuer is required 
to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese tax 
authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. The exchange of information shall be 
made by 31 July of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year. 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the main Spanish tax implications deriving from the ownership, transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of the Notes referred to in this Base Prospectus by individuals or legal 
persons who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and by Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax ("NRIT") 
taxpayers acting, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
This summary is based on the Spanish law in force as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
and on the administrative interpretations thereof, and therefore is subject to any changes in such laws 
and interpretations thereof occurring after that date, including changes having retroactive effect. In 
particular, this description is based on the provisions established in the Individual Income Tax Law (the 
"IIT Law") (Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, as amended), the Corporate Income Tax Law (the "CIT 
Law") (Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, as amended) and in the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law 
(the "NRIT Law") (approved by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004, as amended) and 
does not take into consideration any special regime applied by individuals or legal persons (such as 
financial entities, exempt entities, cooperatives, individuals who acquire the Notes by reason of 
employment, pension funds, collective investment in transferrable securities or look-through entities).

--- Page 280 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
280 
 
In addition, the following section does not cover those tax laws in force in the Spanish Basque provinces 
and Navarra as well as the particularities in force in the Spanish autonomous communities (comunidades 
autónomas), or the special rules applicable to transactions among related persons for Spanish tax 
purposes. 
Accordingly, this summary is for general information only and does not purport to be a  tax advice, thus 
prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to the applicable tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, including the effect of tax laws 
of any other jurisdiction, based on their particular circumstances. Also prospective investors should note 
that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an investor holds Notes, of a 
custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may have tax 
implications. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the tax 
consequences for them of any such appointment. 
For the purposes of our analysis, we have assumed that the relevant Issuer is, in the case of Citigroup 
Inc. and CGMHI, a company resident for tax purposes in the United States and for the purposes of the 
Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the United States for the Avoidance of Double Taxation 
and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income signed on 22 February 1990, as 
amended in October 2019, and entitled to its benefits, and, in the case of CGMFL, is resident for tax 
purposes in Luxembourg and for the purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and 
on Capital and the Prevention of Fiscal Fraud and Evasion signed on 4 August 1987, as amended, and 
entitled to its benefits, that the Issuers do not act with respect to the Notes through a permanent 
establishment in Spain, that the proceeds of the Notes are not used in Spain by the Issuers, and that the 
investors in the Notes are resident in Spain for tax purposes or NRIT taxpayers acting, with respect to 
such Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Spanish tax resident individuals 
(a) 
Individual Income Tax ("IIT") (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
The Spanish IIT is regulated by the IIT Law and supplemented by the IIT Regulations approved 
by Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, as amended (the "IIT Regulations"). 
The Notes are deemed securities (activos financieros), in accordance with the definition set 
forth in Article 91 of the IIT Regulations and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
and hence the rules provided with regard to securities must be taken into consideration. 
According to Article 25.2 of the IIT Law and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
interest as well as income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Notes 
obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes will be deemed income from 
movable property and therefore will be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base and 
taxed, together with the other savings income obtained by such investor in that same tax year, 
at a flat tax rate of 19 per cent. on the first EUR6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between 
EUR6,000.01 to EUR50,000, 23 per cent. for any amount between EUR50,000.01 and 
EUR200,000 and 26 per cent. for taxable income in excess of EUR200,000. 
As a general rule, income earned by Spanish resident individuals under the Notes should qualify 
as interest payments. In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident individuals 
should be subject to withholding tax at a 19 per cent. rate on account of IIT (creditable against 
final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding the above, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of IIT on payments made to Spanish 
resident individuals, interest payments under the Notes should be only subject to withholding 
tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity or individual resident in Spain (or 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain 
(or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the 
income derived from the Notes, provided that such income had not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain.

--- Page 281 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
281 
 
However, when the Notes (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are admitted to trading on 
a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit yield, holders can benefit from 
a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or reimbursement 
of the Notes, save in respect of income derived from accounts entered into with financial 
institutions, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as the Notes. 
However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Notes has occurred within the 30-
day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon payment date such holders may not be 
eligible for such withholding tax exemption. 
Holders of Notes shall compute the gross interest obtained in the taxable base of the tax period 
in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. Income arising on the transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of Notes will be calculated as the difference between (i) the 
transfer, redemption or reimbursement value of such Notes (deducting the additional costs and 
expenses incurred in the transfer, if they are duly justified) and (ii) their acquisition or 
subscription value (adding the additional costs and expenses incurred in the acquisition, if they 
are duly justified). 
Should a holder of Notes acquire homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior or 
subsequent to the transfer of such Notes, negative income that may derive from such transfer 
cannot be included in his or her IIT taxable base until the homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
The net taxable income related to interest derived from the Notes shall be determined by 
deducting the management and deposit expenses from the gross income, excluding those 
pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.  
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with 
the IIT Law or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by 
Spain may apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Notes. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Net Wealth Tax) (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Only individual holders of Notes would be subject to the Net Wealth Tax as legal persons are 
not taxable persons under Net Wealth Tax.  
Relevant taxpayers will be individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of 
the place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain whose net 
wealth is higher than EUR700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from Net Wealth 
Tax. 
Taxpayers should include in their Net Wealth Tax self-assessment the Notes (assuming they 
qualify as debt instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i) 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth 
quarter; and 
(ii) 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums). 
The value of the Notes together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the 
deductible in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the 
personal debts of the taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 to 3.5 per cent. 
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth 
exempt from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied 
in their territory. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax ("IGT") (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire Notes by inheritance or gift will be 
subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the IGT Law (Ley 29/1987, de 18 de diciembre, 
del Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones), without prejudice to the specific legislation

--- Page 282 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
282 
 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on the region, the amount of the gift or 
inheritance, the net wealth of the heir or donee, and the kinship with the deceased or the donor. 
Please bear in mind that, in case the Notes are deemed to be exercisable in Spain, Spanish 
resident individuals who acquire Notes by inheritance or gift may also be subject to the Spanish 
IGT. 
Legal persons resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to IGT, thus the income that 
they may obtain from gift or inheritance, as the case may be, will be subject to Spanish 
Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") on the market value of Notes received, provided that the legal 
persons obtaining such income are Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Notes. 
Spanish legal persons subject to Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Interest and income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of Notes obtained by legal 
entities resident for tax purposes in Spain and regarded as CIT taxpayers shall be computed as taxable 
income of the tax period of its accrual, in accordance with the rules contained in the CIT Law and 
supplemented by the CIT regulations, approved by Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015 (the "CIT 
Regulations"). 
The general CIT rate for Spanish CIT taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. However, certain CIT taxpayers, 
such as banks and investment funds, may be subject to higher or lower CIT rates. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with the CIT Law or any 
applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by Spain may apply in respect 
of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Notes. 
As a general rule, interest payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Notes shall be 
subject to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent establishment are 
not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident entities, interest 
payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Notes should be only subject to withholding 
tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity resident in Spain (or acting through a 
permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting through a 
permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived from the Notes, 
provided that such income had not been previously subject to withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when (i) the Notes are represented in book-entry form and are admitted to trading on a Spanish 
secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed Income Market (MARF); or (ii) the notes 
are listed on a market in an OECD member state; holders who are corporate income taxpayers can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption in respect of interest payments and income arising from the transfer 
or redemption of the Notes, exception made of income derived from accounts entered into with financial 
entities, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as Notes. 
Non-resident investors subject to NRIT (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Based on the fact that none of the Issuers are resident in Spain for tax purposes, that the payments of the 
Notes are not effectively allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain of the Issuers and that the 
proceeds of the Notes are not used in Spain by the Issuers, no Spanish NRIT should, in principle, be 
levied on investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, unless they are acting with respect to 
Notes through a Spanish permanent establishment.  
Pursuant to some specific guidelines recently issued by the Spanish tax authorities, income relating to 
bonds issued by a non-Spanish tax resident issuer could be regarded as remunerating the use of funds in 
Spain (and thus, be subject to Spanish NRIT) depending on the specific activity of the issuer and the 
effective use of funds in Spain and, in particular (pursuant to these guidelines), if a non-Spanish resident

--- Page 283 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
283 
 
special purpose vehicle issuing the notes is incorporated by a Spanish group in order to seek finance for 
the benefit of such Spanish group. 
In addition to the above, and in accordance to binding ruling V0185-20 of 27 January 2020, certain 
securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the purposes of the relevant double tax 
treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned above, should not be considered, in general 
terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. 
According to the general principles of the Spanish NRIT Law, Spanish permanent establishments of non-
Spanish tax resident persons are taxed under the NRIT Law in a similar manner to Spanish CIT taxpayers, 
although some specific rules may apply. Due to the complexity of this matter, non-Spanish tax resident 
investors acting in Spain, with respect to Notes, through a permanent establishment are strongly urged 
to seek appropriate advice in respect of their own tax position in this regard 
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain for tax purposes or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) (a) acts as depositary of Notes, (b) manages the collection of any income under 
Notes, (c) intervenes in their transfer or (d) carries out the redemption or reimbursement of the Notes, on 
behalf of Noteholders either (i) resident in Spain for tax purposes or (ii) holding the Notes through a 
permanent establishment located in Spain, such financial institution will be responsible for making the 
relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the relevant Notes. The 
current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, can be credited 
against the final Spanish IIT, CIT or NRIT liability, as applicable to the Noteholder. 
Other Spanish taxes (indirect taxation) 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption and reimbursement of Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in 
Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may be, in accordance 
with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 21 September 
1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 1992, 
regulating such tax. 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swedish tax considerations relating to (i) 
Notes issued by any of the Issuers where the holder is tax resident in Sweden or has a tax presence in 
Sweden or (ii) Notes where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Sweden. This summary of certain 
tax issues that may arise as a result of holding Notes is based on current Swedish tax legislation and is 
intended only as general information for holders of Notes who are resident or domiciled in Sweden for 
tax purposes, unless otherwise stated. This description does not deal comprehensively with all tax 
consequences that may occur for holders of Notes, nor does it cover the specific rules where Notes are 
held by a partnership or are held as current assets in a business operation. The summary does, moreover, 
not cover Notes held on a so-called investment savings account (investeringssparkonto). Special tax 
consequences that are not described below may also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including 
investment companies and life insurance companies. It is recommended that potential investors in Notes 
consult their own tax advisers for information with respect to the special tax consequences that may arise 
as a result of holding Notes, including the applicability and effect of foreign income tax rules, provisions 
contained in double taxation treaties and other rules which may be applicable. 
Withholding of tax  
There is no Swedish withholding tax (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment of taxes. In 
the context of the Notes a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted from all payments treated as 
interest in respect of the Notes made to any individuals or estates that are resident in Sweden for tax 
purposes provided the paying entity is tax resident in Sweden and subject to reporting obligations. A 
preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will also be deducted from any other payments in respect of the Notes not 
treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid out together with payments treated as interest. For 
limited liability companies (aktiebolag) all capital income is taxed from business operations at a rate of 
20.6 per cent.. Depending on the relevant holder's overall tax liability for the relevant fiscal year the

--- Page 284 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
284 
 
preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or exceed the holder's overall tax liability with any balance 
subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as applicable. 
Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden 
Capital Income 
For individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, capital gains, interest payments, dividends 
and other income derived from the holding of an asset should be reported as capital income. 
Capital gains and losses  
Individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, who sell their Notes, are subject to capital gains 
taxation. The current tax rate of the gain is 30 per cent.. The capital gain or loss is equal to the difference 
between the sales proceeds after deduction of sales costs and the acquisition cost of the Notes. The 
acquisition cost is calculated according to the so-called average method. This means that the costs of 
acquiring all Notes of the same type and class are added together and calculated collectively, with respect 
to changes to the holding. Optionally, the so-called standard rule under which the acquisition cost is 
deemed to be the equivalent of 20 per cent. of the net sales price may be applied on the disposal of listed 
Notes (except for options and forward contracts) that are taxed in the same manner as shares. A Note 
should be regarded as listed for Swedish tax purposes if it is listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin or any other 
foreign market that is considered to be a stock exchange under Swedish tax law. 
As a main rule, 70 per cent. of a capital loss is deductible against any other taxable income derived from 
capital.  
Capital losses on listed Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares, are, however, fully deductible 
against taxable capital gains on such assets or capital gains on listed shares. Capital losses on listed Notes 
may be deductible against 5/6 of capital gains on non-listed shares in Swedish limited liability companies 
and foreign legal entities. Any excess amount is deductible at 70 per cent., according to the main rule.  
Capital losses on listed Notes qualifying as Swedish receivables (i.e. denominated in SEK) are currently 
fully deductible in the capital income category. Moreover, under EC law receivables denominated in 
foreign currency are also fully deductible.  
If a deficit arises in the capital income, a reduction of the tax on income from employment and from 
business, as well as the tax on real estate, is allowed. The tax reduction allowed amounts to 30 per cent. 
of any deficit not exceeding SEK 100,000 and 21 per cent. of any deficit in excess of SEK 100,000. 
Deficits may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year. 
Interest  
Interest as well as other income derived from the holding of an asset is subject to tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. The tax liability arises when the interest (or other income) is actually paid, in accordance with the 
so-called cash method.  
No formal interest accrues on zero-coupon bonds. The profit from a redemption of a zero-coupon bond 
is regarded as interest, subject to tax at the time of redemption. However, the appreciation in value is 
regarded as interest compensation, should the zero-coupon bond be disposed of prior to maturity. If there 
is a loss on the bond, this is deductible as a capital loss in accordance with the principles referred to 
above.  
Stamp duty  
There is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Notes in Sweden.  
Gift, Inheritance and Wealth taxes  
There is no gift, inheritance or wealth tax in Sweden.

--- Page 285 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
285 
 
Taxation of Swedish legal entities  
Limited liability companies and other legal entities, except for estates of deceased Swedish individuals, 
are taxed on all income (including income from the sale of Notes) as income from business activities at 
a flat rate of 20.6 per cent.. Regarding the calculation of a capital gain or loss and the acquisition cost, 
see "Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden" above. However, interest income as well as other 
income derived from the holding of an asset is taxed on an accruals basis.  
Capital losses on Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares (see further above) incurred by a 
corporate holder of a Note may only be offset against taxable capital gains on shares or such notes. Such 
capital losses may also, under certain circumstances, be deductible against capital gains on shares and 
Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares within the same group of companies, provided the 
requirements for group contributions (tax consolidation) are met. 
Capital losses on shares and Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares which are not deducted 
against capital gains within a certain year may be carried forward and offset against taxable capital gains 
on shares and notes taxed in the same manner as shares in the future.  
For limited liability companies and economic associations, capital gains on shares and certain share 
related rights held for business purposes are tax exempt. As a result, capital losses on shares and share 
related rights that are held for business purposes are not deductible. Notes under this offer are not treated 
as share related rights held for business purposes. However, a capital loss on the Notes is not deductible 
should the underlying assets, directly or indirectly, consist of shares or certain share related rights held 
for business purposes.  
As mentioned above, there is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Notes in Sweden. 
Taxation of non-residents in Sweden  
Holders of Notes who are not fiscally resident in Sweden and who are not carrying on business operations 
from a permanent establishment in Sweden are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains taxation on 
the disposal of Notes. The holders may, nevertheless, be subject to tax in their country of residence.  
However, as far as non-resident individuals are concerned, capital gains on the sale of certain Notes (such 
as Notes taxed in the same manners as shares) may in some cases be subject to Swedish tax if the 
individual has been resident or permanently lived in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of the 
sale or any of the 10 preceding calendar years. This provision is, nevertheless, in many cases limited by 
tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation, which Sweden has concluded with approximately 80 
other countries. 
SWISS TAXATION  
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Notes 
issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in 
Switzerland or (ii) Notes where the Paying Agent, custodian or Notes dealer is located in Switzerland. 
The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim to be a 
comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to 
invest in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are 
advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) 
in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Note are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax PROVIDED THAT the 
respective Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes.

--- Page 286 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
286 
 
Income Taxation 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Notes 
If a Note classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond and 
the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each other 
and whether the Note classifies as a structured note with or without a predominant one-time 
interest payment: 
 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Note 
classifies as a non-transparent structured note and any return over the initial investment 
classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial 
instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed 
in accordance with the principles set forth below under "Transparent derivative 
financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment". 
 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic 
interest payments and not from a one time interest payment (see below "Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then 
any periodic interest payment and the one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when 
paid to the holder of the Note. A gain, including interest accrued, realised on the sale 
of a Note is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss realised on the sale of a Note is a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss, (see below "Notes held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss resident Holder"). The same applies if the Note is redeemed except that interest 
accrued is taxed when paid. 
 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to maturity predominantly derives from a one-
time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and 
not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and on the 
redemption or sale of the Note the difference between the value of the embedded bond 
at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market 
purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate 
prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively 
(modified differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value decrease 
on the embedded bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the Note may 
be offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the 
same taxation period from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Notes held as Private Assets 
by a Swiss resident Holder") 
(b) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, 
including interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Note is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, 
realised on the sale of a Note is a non tax deductible private capital loss (see below "Notes held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder").

--- Page 287 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
287 
 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies as a pure bond with a 
predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from 
a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not 
from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic 
interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on 
the Notes (differential taxation method). 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Notes 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Note which classifies as a 
pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise 
price options with a maturity not exceeding one year, pure futures, static Notes replicating an 
index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) 
and which is held as part of their private assets constitute taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below "Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Low Exercise Price Options 
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration low exercise price 
options are given if the underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50 per cent. at 
the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year the interest component of the 
low exercise price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below " Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(e) 
Fund-like Notes 
A Note classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Note as part 
of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over such 
portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the underlying 
investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the 
underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the 
underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the 
underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss on the 
underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a 
taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a 
non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
Holder"). 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Notes as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the 
case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Notes (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the 
respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Notes dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Notes.

--- Page 288 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
288 
 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal 
of a Note held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, realised by an 
individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal of a Note held as part 
of his or her private assets is a non-tax deductible capital loss. In the case of a gain or a loss, unless such 
individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a "professional Notes dealer" for reasons of, inter 
alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Notes. If an individual is classified as a "professional 
Notes dealer" he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under "Notes held 
as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax exempt capital gains component, non-
tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable income components of a Note see the 
bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under " Notes held as 
Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder". 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Notes are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Notes. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
Dealings in Notes which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such as pure call and put 
options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, pure futures 
with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., static Notes replicating an index or a basket of at least five 
shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) are not subject to the Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Notes which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as 
structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price options on shares with a maturity 
exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 
0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss Notes dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealing in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Note at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Note is subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3 per cent. if a Swiss domestic Notes dealer (as defined in 
the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Notes may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and Notes 
are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon the existing 
relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) 
and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and inheritances 
collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very low rates (up 
to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging from 20 per 
cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred.

--- Page 289 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
289 
 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Notes who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss resident 
holding Notes as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is required to 
report Notes as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and is 
subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the 
Notes), in the case of non-Swiss resident individual holding Notes as part of a Swiss business operation 
or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland. 
Incorporated holders of Notes are subject to cantonal and communal capital tax on net taxable equity, in 
the case of a non-Swiss resident person holding Notes as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, to the 
extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No net worth and capital taxes exist at the 
federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Note who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation year 
has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment 
in Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth or capital tax in 
Switzerland. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by 
means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred 
automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of 
administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. 
On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on 
changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent 
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax 
authorities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the "AEOI Act") entered into force on January 1, 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, 
and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for 
the benefit of individuals resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.

--- Page 290 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
290 
 
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
291 
 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title ..............................................................................................297 
2. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes ........................................................................................299 
3. 
Status ....................................................................................................................................301 
4. 
Interest..................................................................................................................................302 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase .....................................................................................................302 
6. 
Payments ..............................................................................................................................312 
7. 
Taxation ...............................................................................................................................316 
8. 
Prescription ..........................................................................................................................320 
9. 
Events of Default ..................................................................................................................320 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ...............................322 
11. 
Replacement of Notes ...........................................................................................................327 
12. 
Further Issues .......................................................................................................................327 
13. 
Notices .................................................................................................................................327 
14. 
Consolidation or Merger .......................................................................................................328 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor ..........................................................................329 
16. 
Redenomination ....................................................................................................................334 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction.....................................................................335 
18. 
Third Parties and Waiver of Trial by Jury .............................................................................336 
19. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect 
of Notes Issued by CGMFL ..................................................................................................336 
20. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes ....................................338 
21. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................338 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 (INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS) ........................................ 341 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................341 
2. 
Valuation ..............................................................................................................................342 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation.........................................................................................................342 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ..............................................................................................343 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ....................................................................................344 
6. 
Additional Provisions ...........................................................................................................344 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 (RATE CONDITIONS) ................................................................ 347 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................347 
2. 
Valuation ..............................................................................................................................347 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation.........................................................................................................347 
4. 
Additional Provisions ...........................................................................................................347 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 (CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS) ............................................. 350 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ......................................................................................385 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................................387 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes .........................................................................................391

--- Page 292 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
292 
 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes ..........................................................................395 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes .......................................................................................399 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes .................................................................................402 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ....................................................................................407 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes................................................................................411 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................414 
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information .........418 
11. 
Relevant Time ......................................................................................................................419 
12. 
Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events............................419 
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ......................................................................................420 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring ...........................................................................................................421 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms ..................................................................................................423 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms .......................................................................................................425 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms .................................................................................................426 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms ......................................................................................437 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event ...........................................................................................437 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ...........................................................................................438 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions ......................................................................................................439 
22. 
Successor Provisions ............................................................................................................440 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations ........................................................................................................450 
24. 
Reference Obligation ............................................................................................................452 
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination ..........................................................................................454 
26. 
Notices .................................................................................................................................456 
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ........457 
28. 
No frustration .......................................................................................................................459 
29. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................459 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) .................................................. 529 
1. 
Principal and Interest Pay-outs on Index Skew Notes ............................................................529 
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position ........................................................................................530 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements ...........................................................................530 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date ...................................................................................531 
5. 
Cash Settlement ....................................................................................................................531 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller ..................................................................................531 
7. 
Deemed M(M)R Restructuring .............................................................................................531 
8. 
Successors ............................................................................................................................531 
9. 
Reference Obligations ...........................................................................................................532 
10. 
Changes in determination......................................................................................................532 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex ....................................................................................532 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption...................................................................................................532 
13. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................532 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 (FX RATE CONDITIONS) .......................................................... 536 
PART A ......................................................................................................................................... 536

--- Page 293 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
293 
 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................536 
2. 
Valuation ..............................................................................................................................537 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation.........................................................................................................537 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ..............................................................................................539 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ....................................................................................539 
6. 
Additional Provisions ...........................................................................................................539 
PART B.......................................................................................................................................... 540 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................541 
2. 
Valuation ..............................................................................................................................543 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation.........................................................................................................543 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ..............................................................................................543 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ....................................................................................544 
6. 
Additional Provisions ...........................................................................................................544 
SCHEDULE A ............................................................................................................................... 547 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ........................................................................ 548 
1. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions ..........................................................................................548 
2. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event .......................................556 
3. 
Dual Currency Notes ............................................................................................................557 
4. 
Interest Provisions ................................................................................................................557 
5. 
Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts ...........................................................562 
6. 
Range Accrual Notes ............................................................................................................585 
7. 
Digital Notes ........................................................................................................................592 
8. 
Digital Band Notes ...............................................................................................................594 
9. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes ..................................................................................................596 
10. 
Spread Notes ........................................................................................................................597 
11. 
Volatility Bond Notes ...........................................................................................................600 
12. 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes ...............................................................................................603 
13. 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes .............................................................................................606 
14. 
FX Performance Notes ..........................................................................................................608 
15. 
Reserve Coupon Notes ..........................................................................................................610 
16. 
Global Interest Floor Notes ...................................................................................................611 
17. 
Global Interest Cap Notes .....................................................................................................612 
18. 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes .............................................................................................613 
19. 
Switcher Option ....................................................................................................................616 
20. 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ......................................................................................617 
21. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis ..........................................................................................617 
22. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Events ....................................................................................620 
23. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ..........................................................................................623 
24. 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions .........................................................................................627 
25. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments..................................................................................631 
26. 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption .........................................................................................634

--- Page 294 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
294 
 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes, which will 
include the general conditions of the Notes together with the additional terms and conditions contained 
(i) in respect of the Underlying Linked Notes (a) in the case of Inflation Rate Notes only, in Underlying 
Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions), (b) in the case of Rate Linked Notes and to the extent specified 
in the Conditions only, in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), (c) in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions), (d) in the case of Index Skew Notes 
only, in Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions), (e) in the case of Range Accrual Notes (where 
any Reference Observation relates to an FX Rate), in the case of FX Performance Notes (where the 
relevant FX Performance Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an Underlying), in the 
case of Notes for which Lock-in Change of Interest Basis applies (and for which purpose the Lock-in 
Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an FX Rate), in the case of any Notes for which Mandatory 
Early Redemption is specified as applicable and the Rollerball MER Condition applies (for which 
purpose the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is an FX Rate), in the case of Dual 
Currency Notes, in the case of Digital Notes (where any Digital Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) 
and in the case of Digital Band Notes (where any Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) only, in 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) (each of Underlying Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, an 
"Underlying Schedule" and together, the "Underlying Schedules"), (ii) where specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), Schedule A and (iii) in the case of all Notes, the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule (the Underlying Schedules together with Schedule A and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the "Schedules" and each, a "Schedule") and, in relation to any 
tranche of Notes, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the information set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below). 
References in these General Conditions of the Notes (the "General Conditions") and in the applicable 
Schedules to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series, which shall be either English 
Law Notes (where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by English Law) 
or New York Law Notes (where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by 
the laws of the State of New York), and shall mean (a) in relation to any Registered Notes (as defined 
below) represented by a global Note (a "Global Registered Note Certificate"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; (b) any Global Registered Note Certificate; (c) any definitive 
Registered Notes ("Registered Note Certificates") whether or not issued in exchange for a Global 
Registered Note Certificate; (d) in relation to any Swedish Notes, units of each Specified Currency in the 
Specified Denomination and (e) in relation to any Finnish Notes, units of each Specified Currency in the 
Specified Denomination. 
Whether the Notes are of the type of Registered Notes, Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms but one type of Notes cannot be exchanged for another. 
Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") or, in the case of Notes which are neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Notes"), a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
completes, modifies and/or supplements (i) the General Conditions, (ii) the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and, (iii) where the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or, where the 
Notes are Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions. Any determinations made pursuant to these 
General Conditions and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (including, without limitation, the 
calculation of any principal or interest) are subject to, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit 
Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and, in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index 
Skew Conditions and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms shall 
prevail and in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, 
the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.

--- Page 295 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
295 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and (ii) the applicable Schedule(s), 
the applicable Schedule(s) shall prevail. 
For the purposes hereof, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
and references should be construed accordingly.The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the General Conditions together 
with the additional terms and conditions contained in (i) in the case of all Notes, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, (ii) in the case of Notes which are (a) Inflation Rate Notes only, Underlying 
Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions), (b) Rate Linked Notes (or as otherwise as specified in the 
Conditions) only, Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), (c) Credit Linked Notes only, Underlying 
Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions), (d) Index Skew Notes only, Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew 
Conditions) and (e) Range Accrual Notes (where any Reference Observation relates to an FX Rate), FX 
Performance Notes (where the relevant FX Performance Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be an Underlying), Notes for which Lock-in Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable (and 
for which purpose the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an FX Rate), Notes for which 
Mandatory Early Redemption is specified as applicable and the Rollerball MER Condition applies (for 
which purpose the Rollerball Reference Observation or Roller Barrier is an FX Rate), Dual Currency 
Notes, Digital Notes (where any Digital Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) and Digital Band Notes 
(where any Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) only, Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions). 
The conditions of a Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions") means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions as completed or, (in the case of Exempt Notes) completed, modified and/or 
supplemented, as applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, except as provided herein) are issued pursuant 
to the amended and restated Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 11 December 2020 (as further amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between, inter alia, 
Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") and Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") each as an issuer (an "Issuer"), Citigroup Inc. as guarantor 
in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its 
capacity as such guarantor, the "CGMHI Guarantor"), Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") 
as guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the "CGMFL Guarantor" and, together with the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the "Guarantors" and each, a "Guarantor"), Citibank, N.A., London branch as issuing agent 
and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
fiscal agent and together with any other paying agent from time to time, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and as principal paying agent, 
Citibank Europe plc as registrar (in such capacity, the "Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and as a transfer agent (in such capacity, a "Transfer Agent", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent, and the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), all 
Paying Agents and all Transfer Agents (if applicable) are together referred to herein as the "Agents") 
and Citibank, N.A. as calculation agent if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in such capacity, 
the "Calculation Agent", which expression shall include any successor calculation agent or such other 
entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Issue Terms) and as exchange agent 
(in such capacity, the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent). 
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Swedish Notes and the Finnish 
Notes are those in Clauses 2.2, 16, 20, 26, 27 and 28 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders) and Clauses 21, 22 and 23 in relation to the appointment of the Calculation Agent only.  
In relation to any Series, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall be to whichever of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by Citigroup Inc. are issued 
with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 15 December 2017 (as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant") executed by Citigroup Inc. in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 296 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
296 
 
Any English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by CGMHI are issued with 
the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 11 December 2020 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "CGMHI Deed of Covenant") executed by CGMHI in relation to such Notes. 
Any English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by CGMFL are issued 
with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 11 December 2020 (as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Covenant" and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Deed 
of Covenant and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, the "Deeds of Covenant" and references herein to the 
"relevant Deed of Covenant" shall mean the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is 
Citigroup Inc., the CGMHI Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMHI and the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant where the Issuer is CGMFL) executed by CGMFL in relation to such Notes. References herein 
to the Deed of Covenant shall be ignored in relation to New York Law Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish 
Notes and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. Notes issued by CGMHI are, where Citigroup 
Inc. is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMHI Deed of Guarantee"), dated 
21 December 2015 executed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Notes issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is 
specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Guarantee"), dated 25 January 
2019 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL are not guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor and are not the 
subject of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Each purchaser and subsequent holder of New York Law Notes is deemed to acknowledge and agree 
that such New York Law Notes shall not have the benefit of any of the Deeds of Covenant, and none of 
the Deeds of Covenant shall apply in respect of such New York Law Notes (including following an Event 
of Default). 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are not the 
subject of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders of the Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deeds of Guarantee are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies 
of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and are not publicly offered, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Paying Agents holding one or more of the Notes if such Noteholder produces evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Swedish Notes will be issued pursuant an issuer agreement with Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear 
Sweden") and in accordance with the provisions in the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories 
and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument) and the rules, regulations (including but not limited to the Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden, as amended from time to time (together the "Swedish CSD Rules").

--- Page 297 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
297 
 
In connection therewith (i) in respect of Swedish Notes issued by CGMFL, CGMFL has entered into an 
amended and restated Swedish agency agreement dated 11 December 2020 and (ii) in respect of Swedish 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI will enter into a Swedish agency 
agreement (in any such case and as any such agreement is amended, supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, a "Swedish Agency Agreement") with Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden Branch) as Swedish 
Notes issuing and paying agent (the "Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent", which expression 
shall include any successor Swedish Notes issuing and paying agent). Any references in the Conditions 
to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the 
relevant Swedish Agency Agreement. Copies of each Swedish Agency Agreement are or will be 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent. The holders of the Swedish Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Swedish Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Finnish Notes will be issued and governed by a Finnish Notes issuing and paying agency agreement (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement") to be entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp as Finnish 
Notes issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor as Finnish Notes issuing and paying agent and such successor 
shall be duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Any references in the Conditions 
to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. Copies of the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The holders of the Finnish Notes are deemed 
to have notice of all of the provisions of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Notes are issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the Specified Denomination(s). All Registered Notes 
shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
Each Registered Note Certificate represents a holding of one or more Registered Notes by the 
same holder (as defined below). 
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Notes shall pass upon registration of the 
transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as provided in 
General Condition 2 (Exchanges and Transfers of Notes). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment thereof 
or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by 
anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Note Certificate, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, "holder" means, in the case of Registered Notes, the person in whose name 
a Registered Note is registered PROVIDED THAT, in relation to any Notes represented by a 
Global Registered Note Certificate, it shall be construed as provided below and "Noteholder" 
shall have a correlative meaning and in relation to Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes AND 
PROVIDED THAT in the case of Registered Notes issued by CGMFL, "holder" shall be 
construed as provided in General Condition 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes). 
If Certificates is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, references in the 
Conditions to "Note(s)", "Noteholder(s)" and "Global Registered Note Certificate" shall be 
deemed to refer to "Certificate(s)", "Certificateholder(s)" and "Global Registered Certificate 
Certificate" and related expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any Global 
Registered Note Certificate and any notes in definitive form shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 298 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
298 
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered 
Note Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and each Agent as 
the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, 
will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered 
Note Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes except to 
the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, any ownership rights 
may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Interests in Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant 
Clearing System and in accordance with General Condition 2 (Exchanges and Transfers of 
Notes) below. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which interests in 
Notes are to be held and through an account at which the Notes are to be cleared, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Swedish Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 1 shall apply 
in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 1 in the event of any inconsistency: 
Swedish Notes are issued in dematerialised uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with 
the Swedish CSD Rules in the Specified Denomination(s). 
No global or definitive Swedish Notes will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The Swedish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
The person appearing in the register for the Swedish Notes kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "Swedish Securities Register") will be treated as the "holder" of the relevant 
Swedish Notes in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and title to the Swedish Notes passes 
only by registration in the Swedish Securities Register. In the Conditions, "holder", in relation 
to a Swedish Note, means the person in whose name such Swedish Note is registered in the 
Swedish Securities Register. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) is so evidenced it shall be treated 
as the holder of the relevant Swedish Note. 
The Issuer shall have access to the register of creditors (Sw. skuldboken) in respect of the 
Swedish Notes, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer shall not have such 
access. 
In the case of Finnish Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 1 shall apply 
in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 1 in the event of any inconsistency: 
Notwithstanding the above, the holder of a Finnish Note will be the person in whose name such 
Finnish Note is registered in a book-entry account in the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland 
Ltd ("Euroclear Finland") (including a nominee account holder, as the case may be) in

--- Page 299 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
299 
 
accordance with Finnish Laws, rules, regulations and operating procedures applicable to, and/or 
issued by, Euroclear Finland (Euroclear Finland Rules) and the terms Noteholder and holder of 
Notes shall be construed accordingly. Where a nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated as the 
holder of the relevant Finnish Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may issue Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form (Finnish Notes). No Global Registered Note Certificates representing Finnish 
Notes will be issued and the Conditions of such shall be construed accordingly. Finnish Notes 
will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry 
Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), other applicable Finnish 
legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. 
References in the Conditions to Global Registered Note Certificates shall not apply to Finnish 
Notes. 
2. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Notes 
Finnish Notes of one Specified Denomination, as applicable, may not be exchanged for Finnish 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject to General Conditions 2(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Certificates) and (d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificates) below, if definitive Registered Notes are issued, one or more of such Registered 
Notes may be transferred upon the surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing 
such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Note Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered Note Certificate in respect of 
the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Registered Note Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Note 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
Each Note certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 2(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Certificates) and (d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificates) below, transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate will 
be effected by the Relevant Clearing System only in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global Registered Note Certificate 
will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Note Certificate as described in, and 
subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Note Certificate and only in accordance with 
the rules and operating procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Transfers 
of a Global Registered Note Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be 
limited to transfers of such Global Registered Note Certificate, in whole but not in part, to 
another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof. Furthermore, interests in a 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate,

--- Page 300 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
300 
 
and any Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time other than (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) to a 
person the seller reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. Each Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, and any 
Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(e) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate" means a Global Registered Note 
Certificate representing Notes sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S. 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate" means a Global Registered Note Certificate 
representing Notes sold in the United States to QIBs. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"U.S. person" has the meaning given to such term under Regulation S. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single 
definitive Registered Note Certificate, a new definitive Registered Note Certificate shall be 
issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Registered Note 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Note Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, the Global Registered 
Note Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(g) 
Delivery of new Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Condition 2(b) (Transfer 
of Registered Notes) or (f) (Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes) will, within three 
business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent to whom such 
form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available for 
delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to 
whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the new Registered Note Certificate to such address as may be specified in such form 
of transfer. 
(h) 
Transfer Free of Charge

--- Page 301 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
301 
 
In the case of Notes other than Swedish Notes, transfer and registration of Notes will be effected 
without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but will be 
subject to the payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation to it. 
(i) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Note may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 
15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to General Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), (iii) after any such 
Note has been called for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in General Condition 6(a)(ii) below). 
No holder of a Swedish Note may require the transfer of a Swedish Note to be registered during 
a period which is the equivalent to any such closed period pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(j) 
Transfers of Finnish Notes 
Title to Finnish Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to another 
person's, whether legal or individual, book-entry account within Euroclear Finland (except 
where the Finnish Notes are nominee registered and are transferred from one account to another 
account with the same nominee). Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to obtain information (including but not limited to information on Noteholders) from 
the register (the "Euroclear Finland Register") maintained by Euroclear Finland as registrar 
(the "Euroclear Finland Registrar") on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear 
Finland Rules, and Euroclear Finland shall be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer 
notwithstanding any secrecy obligation. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to regulations of 
Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of 
the holders of Finnish Notes, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland 
to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall be entitled to pass such information to the "Finnish 
Securities Issue and Paying Agent" or to authorise such Agent to acquire such information 
from Euroclear Finland directly. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Noteholder of any Finnish Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the Noteholder. 
(k) 
Transfer of Swedish Notes 
All transfers of Swedish Notes and entries in the Swedish Notes Register will be made subject 
to the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Sweden. Title 
to Swedish Notes will pass by transfer between accountholders of the Euroclear Sweden system, 
perfected in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Notes: only relevant for Notes issued 
by CGMHI 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of the Notes issued by CGMHI under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured

--- Page 302 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
302 
 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(c) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Notes: only relevant for Notes issued 
by CGMFL. 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the Notes issued by CGMFL under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
4. 
Interest 
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Notes (if any) shall be as specified in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms. 
The accrual and payment of interest in respect of Credit Linked Notes will also be affected by 
the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) and other provisions 
of the Credit Linked Conditions.  If in respect of Credit Linked Notes there is a conflict between 
the applicable provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable 
provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions, the applicable provisions of the Credit Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, interest on Swedish Notes for which 
Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms shall be calculated from (but 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in 
the Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 5 shall be ignored in relation 
to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General 
Condition 5 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.  
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, or unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each principal amount of the Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the 
Calculation Amount or such amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the 
"Redemption Amount") on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons  
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case 
may be, in whole, but not in part, at any time on giving not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at, in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, the Early Redemption Amount if the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated 
to pay additional interest on such Notes pursuant to General Condition 7 (Taxation) as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings 
promulgated thereunder) of Luxembourg (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or the United

--- Page 303 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
303 
 
States (where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) or the United Kingdom (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) or, in any such case any political subdivisions or taxing 
authorities thereof or therein, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which any person (including any person acting as underwriter, 
broker or dealer) agrees to purchase the first Tranche of any of such Notes pursuant to 
the original issuance of such first Tranche, and such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, taking 
reasonable measures available to it; PROVIDED THAT no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, would be obligated 
to pay such additional interest were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior 
to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 
5(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent or the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes (i) a certificate signed 
by an officer of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the 
case may be, stating that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, so to redeem have occurred 
and (ii) a legal opinion, from lawyers of recognised standing in Luxembourg, the 
United States or the United Kingdom, as applicable, to the effect that the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become 
obligated to pay such additional interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
(ii) 
Redemption for Illegality 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes; 
or  
(B) 
the CGMHI Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI), or the 
CGMFL Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by CGMFL), determines that 
the performance of its obligations in respect of the Notes under the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI) or the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Notes issued by CGMFL),  
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any 
reason (an "Illegality Event"), the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) at, in respect of 
each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount; provided, however, that if "Continuance of Notes Provision" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then (I) if the Illegality 
Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other Illegality Events) 
renders the continuance of the Notes definitively impossible, then the Illegality Event 
shall be referred to as an "Illegality Event (Impossible Performance)"; or (II) if the 
Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other Illegality 
Events) does not render the continuance of the Notes definitively impossible, the 
Illegality Event shall be referred to as an "Illegality Event (Possible Performance)" 
and (in the case of Illegality Event (Possible Performance), if "Illegality Event 
(Possible Performance)" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), 
upon the occurrence of such event, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early by giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) at, in respect 
of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Purchases

--- Page 304 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
304 
 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
or Affiliates may at any time purchase Notes (in the open market or otherwise) at any price. 
Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(i) 
For the purpose of each of General Condition 5(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), General Condition 5(b)(ii) (Redemption for Illegality), General Condition 9 
(Events of Default), each Adjustment Event and each Additional Early Redemption 
Event and a Realisation Disruption Event, the "Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will, 
subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit Linked Conditions 
or in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, be calculated as 
specified in the following definition as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of each such early redemption event as any of:  
(A) 
"Fair Market Value";  
(B) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)";  
(C) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair Market Value at early redemption" as set out in General 
Condition 5(d)(ii) below;  
(D) 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" as set 
out in General Condition 5(d)(ii) below; 
(E) 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity" as set out in General Condition 5(d)(iii) below; 
(F) 
"Best of Amount" payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance 
with, the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by 
the Issuer; 
(G) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the "Amortised Face Amount"; or 
(H) 
such other amount specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
in each case, minus the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions), if applicable, provided that where the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption" to be not applicable, 
Noteholders will not be charged any costs or expenses by the Issuer on account of the 
early redemption of the Notes in any of the circumstances set out in the initial 
paragraph of this General Condition 5(d)(i). 
(ii) 
If the Notes are subject to early redemption for an Early Redemption Amount to be 
calculated as the "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" (as set forth in General 
Condition 5(d)(i)(C) above) or "Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption" (as set forth in General Condition 5(d)(i)(D) above): 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of the relevant early redemption event, the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders (such notice, "Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption") as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (Notices) that each Note (in respect of its principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date for an amount equal to (i) in the case of "Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early

--- Page 305 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
305 
 
redemption" pursuant to General Condition 5(d)(i)(C), the Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) and (ii) in the case of "Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" pursuant to General 
Condition 5(d)(i)(D), the Principal Amount plus the Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any), unless, in each case, the relevant 
Noteholder makes valid election to exercise the option for Fair Market Value 
plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption. The Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption may, but does not have to, include the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the Notes on a day 
selected by the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of delivery of such 
notice, and shall include the cut-off date for exercise of the option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption, the date of determination of the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such 
election selected by the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of 
such notice) and the early redemption date.  
(B) 
In order to make valid election to exercise its option referred to in (A) above 
to redeem some or all of its Notes for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement at early redemption, a Noteholder must: 
(1) 
if such Note is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant 
Clearing System, deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
the Registrar falling not later than the cut-off date for such notice set 
out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (an "Early 
Redemption Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this General Condition 5(d)(ii) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, the principal amount thereof to 
be redeemed for Fair Market Value at early redemption and, if less than 
the full principal amount of the Registered Notes of such Noteholder 
so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
2(h) (Transfer Free of Charge). If the relevant Note is in definitive 
form, the Early Redemption Put Notice must be accompanied by the 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the 
Note will, following delivery of the Early Redemption Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control.  
(2) 
if the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate 
and 
cleared 
through 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, by no later than the cut-off date for such notice set out 
in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, give notice to the Registrar 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common depositary 
or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them, as applicable, to 
the Registrar by electronic means), in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
(3) 
if the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate and cleared through DTC, by no later than the cut-off date 
for such notice set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, give 
notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of an Early 
Redemption Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably

--- Page 306 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
306 
 
instruct DTC to debit the relevant Noteholder's securities account with 
the relevant Notes on or before the Early Redemption Date in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice.  
In the case of Swedish Notes, an Early Redemption Put Notice will not take 
effect against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Notes have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period 
for the purposes of General Condition 2(k) (Transfer of Swedish Notes)). The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Notes will be subject to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Notes are 
Finnish Notes, the exercise of this option will not be effective against the 
Issuer before the date on which the relevant Finnish Notes have been 
transferred to the account operated by the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying 
Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish Notes is an account 
operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by the 
Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in 
the system of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing 
institution, and blocked for further transfer on the early redemption date by 
the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent. 
The right to require redemption of any Finnish Notes in accordance with this 
General Condition 5(d)(ii) must, notwithstanding the above, be exercised in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules and if there is any inconsistency 
between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear Finland Rules, then the 
Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail.  
(C) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount for which: 
(1) 
a valid election to exercise the Noteholder's option to redeem such 
Notes for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement 
at early redemption has been made, the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Notes on the 
date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption plus 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement, which amount shall be payable 
on the early redemption date (for such purpose, the "Early 
Redemption Date") specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption; and  
(2) 
a valid election to exercise the Noteholder's option to redeem such 
Notes for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement 
at early redemption has not been made, the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be (i) in the case of "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption" pursuant to General Condition 5(d)(i)(C), the Principal 
amount plus accrued interest (if any) and (ii) in the case of "Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" 
pursuant to General Condition 5(d)(i)(D), the Principal Amount plus 
the Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any), which 
amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date.  
In both cases under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, no other amounts of 
principal or interest will be payable following the date the Issuer's Notice of 
Early Redemption is given.

--- Page 307 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
307 
 
(iii) 
In the case of Notes subject to early redemption for which the Early Redemption 
Amount is specified as "Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity", notwithstanding anything else in the General 
Conditions, such Early Redemption Amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date and 
no other amounts of principal or interest will accrue or be payable following the date 
on which the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption is given. 
(iv) 
As used above, in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount: 
"Amortised Face Amount" means an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will 
be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in 
the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in 
the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
"Actual/365" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or 
(iii) "Actual/Actual (ICMA)", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined 
as set out in the definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" below. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Zero Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero 
Coupon Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero Coupon 
Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling 
in the Zero Coupon Determination Period in which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling 
in the next Zero Coupon Determination Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year.

--- Page 308 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
308 
 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date. 
"Best of Amount" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as the greater of (i) the sum 
of the principal amount of such Calculation Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement and (ii) the sum of Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement. 
"Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of each Note, a date notified by the Issuer 
to the relevant Noteholder in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as the 
date for the payment of the Early Redemption Amount, save as provided in General 
Conditions 5(d)(i) and 5(d)(iii).  
"Fair Market Value" means,  an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent which represents the fair market value of such Calculation Amount 
(which shall include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer or 
as otherwise required in accordance with these General Conditions (ignoring for the 
purposes of a redemption pursuant to General Condition 5(b)(ii) (Redemption for 
Illegality), the relevant unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition) less (except (i) if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of Hedge Costs" to be not applicable and 
(ii) in the case of any early redemption pursuant to General Condition 9 (Events of 
Default)), the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any options relating to any Underlying hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes) and, for the purposes of determining the fair 
market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of General Condition 9 
(Events of Default), no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor, which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully 
their obligations in respect of the Notes. 
The "fair market value" of a Calculation Amount is an estimated value and, in 
determining such value, the Calculation Agent may have regard to: 
(i) 
the sum of two components relating to the Notes (i) a bond component and 
(ii) an embedded derivative(s) or option component. The value of the bond 
component is expected to be determined based on the present value of the 
stream of cash payments associated with a conventional bond of an amount 
equal to the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a 
spread) for a term equal to that then outstanding of the Notes. The value of 
the embedded derivative component is expected to be determined based on 
internal pricing models which will take into account certain parameters that 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate (including, without limitation, 
factors such as expected interest and dividend rates; and the value, price or 
level and volatility of any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference item or 
any futures or options relating to any of them); and/or 
(ii) 
the value of the Notes as determined using any such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including but not limited to the time 
remaining to maturity of the Notes, the interest rates at which banks lend to 
each other, the interest rate at which the Issuer (or its Affiliates) is charged to 
borrow cash, if the Notes are linked to one or more Underlying(s) or other 
reference asset(s), the value, expected future performance and/or volatility of 
such Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s) and any other information the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to the 
circumstances that resulted in the events causing such redemption).

--- Page 309 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
309 
 
Such values, along (save where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of 
Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs" as not applicable) with deductions for 
any fees, costs or commissions in connection with the issue of the Notes and the cost 
of entering into any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in 
respect of the Notes are expected to have been relevant pricing factors taken into 
account at or around the trade date to enable the Issuer to determine the terms on which 
it can issue the Notes on the Issue Date and are therefore relevant factors in determining 
any Early Redemption Amount; 
"Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
"Option" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, the option component or 
embedded derivative(s) in respect of the principal amount of the Notes equal to such 
Calculation Amount which provides exposure to the Underlying(s) (if any), the terms 
of which are fixed on the trade date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in order 
to enable the Issuer to issue such Note at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the bond component in respect of the principal amount of 
the Notes is excluded from the Option; 
"Option Value" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, the value (if any) of 
the Option in respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day and time as selected by the Calculation Agent at or 
around the time notice of early redemption is given by reference to such factors as the 
Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(i) 
market prices or values of any relevant Underlying(s) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as: interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; 
the value, price or level of any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference 
asset(s) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of 
any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s); and exchange rates (if 
applicable)); 
(ii) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Notes had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity; 
(iii) 
internal pricing models; and 
(iv) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option. 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)" means, in respect of such 
Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as its principal 
amount plus accrued interest (if any); 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) 
at maturity" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
Principal Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) x (1+r)n 
Where: 
"n" means the remaining term of the relevant Notes expressed in years, calculated from 
the date of the determination that the Notes will be early redeemed pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event to the 
scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, the principal 
amount of such Calculation Amount; and

--- Page 310 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
310 
 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of determination 
that the Notes will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) for a debt security with a 
maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant Notes, taking into 
account the credit risk of the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means, in respect of such Calculation 
Amount, an amount equal to the product of the total costs of the Issuer (for example, 
and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original holder of the Note(s) of 
such Calculation Amount as part of the original issue price of the Note(s) and the 
Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" to 
be applicable, the Early Redemption Amount shall be the sum of the amount specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms plus the Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
"Relevant Proportion" means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Note(s) will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant 
early redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Note(s), divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the 
Issue Date of the relevant Note(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of 
the relevant Note(s). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given the number of days' notice specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and, in respect 
of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Notes") will be selected, subject to mandatory provisions of Luxembourg law, individually by 
lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing 
System (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
a Global Registered Note Certificate. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than five days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
If, in respect of Swedish Notes, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and

--- Page 311 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
311 
 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall 
specify the Notes or the amount of the Notes as well as the closed period), redeem all of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and, in respect of each principal 
amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount at the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. The redemption procedures for Swedish Notes will be subject to 
the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) the number of days' 
notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, not less than 45 days' 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date and at, in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and in the applicable Issue Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the holder of such Note must, if such Note 
is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, deliver, at the specified 
office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this General 
Condition 5(f) and the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full principal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 2(h) (Transfer Free of Charge). If the 
relevant Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note the holder 
of such Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them, as applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and cleared through 
DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note, the holder of such Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of a Put Notice 
acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant Noteholder's 
securities account with the relevant Notes on or before the Optional Redemption Date in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
In the case of Swedish Notes, a Put Notice will not take effect against the Issuer before the date 
on which the relevant Notes have been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the purposes of

--- Page 312 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
312 
 
General Condition 2(k) (Transfer of Swedish Notes)). The redemption procedures for Swedish 
Notes will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Notes are Finnish Notes, the 
exercise of this option will not be effective against the Issuer before the date on which the 
relevant Finnish Notes have been transferred to the account operated by the Finnish Securities 
Issue and Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish Notes is an account 
operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by the Issuer in relation to 
a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in the system of the relevant central 
securities depositary and clearing institution, and blocked for further transfer on the Optional 
Redemption Date by the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent. 
The right to require redemption of any Finnish Notes in accordance with this General Condition 
5(f) must, notwithstanding the above, be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland 
Rules and if there is any inconsistency between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear 
Finland Rules, then the Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be surrendered for cancellation, if the Notes are Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Note representing such Notes to the Registrar and if so surrendered, will, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any Notes surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6. 
Payments 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions 
including but not limited to this General Condition 6 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 6 shall be 
ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether or not in global form) 
will be made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant Note 
at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest on Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the 
register (A) where such Notes are in global form, at the close of the business day (being 
for this purpose, a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for business) 
before the due date for payment thereof, and (B) where such Notes are in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment 
thereof (the "Record Date"). Such payments will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency designated by the holder with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency is Euro, into a Euro 
account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) notified to 
the Registrar by such holder. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall 
be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Specified Currency of the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has elected to 
receive payment in the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with applicable DTC practice.

--- Page 313 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
313 
 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc.  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 7 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes in respect of such payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate and the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate must look solely to the Relevant 
Clearing System for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Registered Note Certificate. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Swedish Notes 
General Condition 6(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to Swedish Notes. Payments in 
respect of Swedish Notes will be made on the due date for payments to the persons registered 
as holders in the Swedish Notes Register on the fifth (5th) Stockholm Banking Day (or such 
other date in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules), prior to the due date for such payment. 
In the Conditions, "Stockholm Banking Day" means a day on which Euroclear Sweden is open 
for business (including the making of payments) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Finnish Notes 
General Condition 6(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to Finnish Notes. Payments in respect 
of Finnish Notes will be made on the due date for payment to the persons registered as holders 
recorded in the Euroclear Finland Register on the first (1st) Helsinki Banking Day (or such other 
date in accordance with the rules and procedures applied by Euroclear Finland from time to 
time), prior to the due date for such payment. 
In the Conditions, "Helsinki Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits in Helsinki and on which Euroclear Finland and the 
relevant system in which the Finnish Notes are registered are open for business in accordance 
with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
In respect of each Series of Finnish Notes, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a registrar which 
shall be the duly authorised Finnish central securities depository under the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 
(348/2017, as amended)) and a Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent duly authorised as an 
account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) under the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2012, as amended)). 
A Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to Finnish Notes, Euroclear Finland will act as the central securities depositary and 
clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent for 
Finnish purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary and clearing 
institution or Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent, each of them to be duly authorised 
under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2012, as amended)). Each of Euroclear Finland

--- Page 314 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
314 
 
and the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship or agency or trust with, the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each 
Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish 
Notes initially appointed by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and 
their respective specified offices are listed below or in the applicable Issue Terms. The Fiscal 
Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
in the case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Finnish Notes act solely as agents or, as the case may be, registrars of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Registrar, the 
Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish 
Notes and to appoint additional or other agents (any of which may be the Issuer, an Affiliate of 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or an Affiliate of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL 
Guarantor or an Affiliate of the CGMFL Guarantor) PROVIDED THAT the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Note is outstanding, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Note cleared through DTC is outstanding, an 
Exchange Agent in relation thereto; 
(iv) 
at any time at which any Registered Note is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation 
thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent and a Determination Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(vi) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(vii) 
at any time while any Swedish Note is outstanding, a Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act as an issuing agent (Sw. emissionsinstitut) with 
Euroclear Sweden; 
(viii) 
at any time while any Finnish Note is outstanding, a Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act both as an account operator (Fi. tilinhoitaja) and issuer 
agent (Fi. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) with Euroclear Finland; and 
(ix) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(f) 
Payment Days 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes, any date for payment in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
"Payment Day" means:

--- Page 315 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
315 
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, if "Business Day Jurisdiction" is specified to be 
or include "TARGET" or "TARGET Business Day", a Payment Day shall 
also be a TARGET Business Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
Euro, a TARGET Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name 
of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with interests 
in such Global Registered Note Certificate) has elected to receive any part of such 
payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
If, in respect of Swedish Notes, any date for payment is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, Payment Day means a day which is a 
Stockholm Banking Day and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of such relevant currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in Euro) a day which is a TARGET Business Day. 
If, in respect of Finnish Notes, any date for payment in respect of any Finnish Notes is not a 
Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
Payment Day means a day which is a Helsinki Banking Day and a TARGET Business Day (if 
applicable). 
(g) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a "Business Day Convention") 
and (x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis 
mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the

--- Page 316 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
316 
 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions 
including but not limited to this General Condition shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. As stated above, all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General 
Condition 7 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.  
(a) 
The provisions of this paragraph (a) apply only where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional 
interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant 
such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Note or the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the 
United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) will not be less 
than the amount provided in such Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to be then due 
and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such payment of additional 
interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, 
or a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, 
if such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member 
or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United 
States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past 
or present status as a personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by 
the holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Note or under the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became 
due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs 
later (the "Relevant Date"); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed 
of Covenant; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Note 
or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if such payment can be made without 
such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent or the Registrar (if 
applicable);

--- Page 317 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
317 
 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information 
or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled 
person under a Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if, without regard to any 
tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States as 
a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental 
charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of 
the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or 
that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership 
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) 
a payment on a Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to a holder or entitled 
person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a 
member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the 
additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the 
holder or entitled person of or under such Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply 
with such an agreement; or 
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any Note that the Issuer 
indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United States federal 
income tax purposes. 
(b) 
The provisions of this paragraph (b) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary so that 
every net payment on such Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the 
United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) will not be less 
than the amount provided in such Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will not 
be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, 
or a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, 
if such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member 
or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United 
States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past 
or present status as a personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-

--- Page 318 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
318 
 
exempt organisation with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by 
the holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Note, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on 
which such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later (the "Relevant Date"); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Note 
or under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if 
such payment can be made without such deduction or withholding by any other Paying 
Agent or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information 
or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled 
person under a Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
if, without regard to any tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation 
of the United States as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of 
the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or 
that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership 
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) 
a payment on a Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
to a holder or entitled person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole 
beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to 
such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have 
been entitled to the additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the holder or entitled person of or under such Note, the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply 
with such an agreement; or 
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any Note that the Issuer 
indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United States federal 
income tax purposes.  
(c) 
The provisions of this paragraph (c) apply only where CGMFL is the Issuer

--- Page 319 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
319 
 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the CGMFL 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary so that 
every net payment on such Note, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by 
Luxembourg (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the case of 
payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) or, in either case, any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such Note, the CGMFL 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, 
neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor will be required to make any such payment of 
additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the existence of any present or future connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person and Luxembourg, (in the case of payments by 
CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) 
other than the mere holding of the Note or being entitled under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee; or 
(ii) 
any Note, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee presented 
for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge to which such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person would not be liable or subject by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for 
the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder 
or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Note or under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which 
such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later (the "Relevant Date"); or 
(v) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to such legislation, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(d) 
The provisions of this paragraph (d) apply to all Notes, regardless of the Issuer 
References in the Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, any Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount, any Optional 
Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to General 
Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) , in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked 
Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) "interest" shall 
be deemed to include any Interest Amount and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to General Condition 4 (Interest), in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked 
Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) in any 
context, the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Note, such 
mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of additional interest provided for 
in this General Condition 7 to the extent that, in such context, additional interest is, was or would 
be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the provisions of this General Condition 7 and express 
mention of the payment of additional interest (if applicable) in any provisions hereof shall not 
be construed as excluding additional interest in those provisions hereof where such express 
mention is not made. Where, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions 
or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions, the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms do not provide for the payment of interest, references 
to interest in the Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions,

--- Page 320 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
320 
 
as applicable, shall be disregarded and the Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions or 
the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, construed accordingly. 
8. 
Prescription 
(i) 
English Law Notes 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes (other than New York 
Law Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 7 
(Taxation) in respect thereof. 
(ii) 
Swedish Notes 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Swedish Notes shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date. For the purposes of this 
General Condition 8, "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, or such later date on which an interruption of the period of limitation 
(Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) is made in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 
1981 (Sw. preskriptionslagen (1991:130)). 
(iii) 
Finnish Notes 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Finnish Notes and any principal 
and interest shall be prescribed unless made within three years after the date on which 
such payment becomes due and payable therefor and thereafter any principal or interest 
payable in respect of such Finnish Notes shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
(iv) 
New York Law Notes 
Under New York's statute of limitations, any legal action to enforce the Issuer's 
payment obligations evidenced by New York Law Notes must be commenced within 
six years after payment is due. Thereafter the Issuer's payment obligations will 
generally become unenforceable. 
9. 
Events of Default 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in 
the Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 9 shall be ignored in relation 
to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General 
Condition 9 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
"Event of Default" wherever used herein with respect to the Notes means any one of the 
following events:  
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Note when it becomes due and payable, 
and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal of any Note at its due date and continuance of 
any such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor in the Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (other than a covenant a 
default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this General Condition 9 
specifically dealt with) or the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there 
has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the

--- Page 321 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
321 
 
Outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it 
to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or 
(iv) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 9(a)(iv) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of 
the Issuer by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under 
the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, 
or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other 
similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such 
decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(v) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 9(a)(v) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or 
any other applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other 
similar law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case 
under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 
(vi) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 9(a)(vi) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CGMFL: 
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the 
opening of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial 
liquidation, (insolvabilitié, liquidation volontaire or judiciaire), composition 
with creditors (concordat préventif de la faillite), reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion controlée), fraudulent 
conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors or 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of 
creditors generally) or the appointment of a receiver of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), or verifier (expert vérificateur, juge 
délégué or juge commissaire)) save for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement; or 
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor 
by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the winding-up or 
liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a voluntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary 
case under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or the making by the CGMFL Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of

--- Page 322 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
322 
 
its creditors generally, or the admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in writing 
of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 
(vii) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the CGMFL Guarantor 
not to be, in full force and effect (except, for the avoidance of doubt, where this is a 
result of the CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions). For 
the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee shall be deemed not to have ceased to be in full force and effect in 
circumstances where there is a consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger) or where a 
substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor). 
(b) 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes at the time Outstanding occurs and is continuing, 
then in every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Outstanding Notes may declare the Notes, by a notice in writing to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall become 
due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount. Upon such payment in respect of any Note, 
all obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of 
such Note shall be discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, all references to "Notes" are 
references to Notes of a Series.  
(c) 
"Outstanding" when used with respect to the Notes, means, as of the date of determination, all 
Notes authenticated and delivered under the Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Notes cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
or the Registrar for cancellation; 
(ii) 
Notes or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary 
amount has been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such Notes 
or portions thereof are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given 
pursuant to the Conditions or provision therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent has 
been made; and 
(iii) 
Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and 
delivered pursuant to the Conditions, other than any such Notes in respect of which 
there shall have been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof satisfactory 
to it that such Notes are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Notes are 
valid obligations of the Issuer, 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount of 
Notes Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Notes owned by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. Notes so 
owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee 
establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar the pledgee's right to act with 
respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under 
direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of Notes 
(including Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) to consider any matter affecting their interests,

--- Page 323 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
323 
 
including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including the Conditions 
insofar as the same may apply to the Notes), the relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they relate to the Notes. The 
Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 
three quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of all the Noteholders, or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of all 
the Noteholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on 
all the holders of the Notes, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution 
proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date 
for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of the Notes, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount 
(as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as 
defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount or any other amount payable 
on redemption of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest, (iv) if a 
Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, (v) to change any method 
of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger 
Redemption Amount, the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount or 
any other amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the Notes, (vi) to change the currency 
or currencies of payment of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or the majority required 
to pass the Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to take any steps which as specified in the Terms 
and Conditions may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which 
the special quorum provisions apply, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders 
of Notes (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement is present. For the avoidance of doubt, all references to "Notes" are 
references to Notes of a Series. 
If a holder of Swedish Notes held through a nominee (an "Indirect Noteholder") attends the 
meeting (in person or through a duly authorised agent) and shows a certificate from the relevant 
nominee showing that such Indirect Noteholder on the fifth (5th) Stockholm Business Day prior 
to the meeting was a holder of Swedish Notes, the Indirect Noteholder shall be regarded the 
holder of such Swedish Notes for the purposes of this General Condition 10. 
In connection with a meeting of holders of such Swedish Notes, the Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted under the Swedish CSD Rules, have 
access to the CSD Register (Sw. avstämningsregistret) for the Swedish Notes. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent 
of the Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Notes, the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, which is, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
(without considering the individual circumstances of any Noteholder or the tax or other 
consequences of such modification in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, as applicable, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law.

--- Page 324 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
324 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Save as provided therein and subject as provided above, each Swedish Agency Agreement may 
be amended by agreement among the parties thereto and without the consent of any holders of 
the Notes. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be 
decided by reference to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's or such other person's opinion), 
that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith and (i) 
where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in its sole 
and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The Calculation Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any 
of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. The Issuer may delegate 
any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
All discretions exercised and determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other 
decisions made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall have 
any responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in any (a) calculation by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of any amount due in respect of the Notes 
or (b) determination made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Notes provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a fixed 
amount or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount to 
be payable on the Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to, or calculation under, the 
Conditions may be made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to reduce the amount so payable 
on such date to less than such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable), PROVIDED 
THAT the foregoing shall not apply if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Minimum 
Amount Adjustment Prohibition" is not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding 
sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor to make any modification to the Notes pursuant to General Condition 10(b) 
(Modifications) above. 
(d) 
(i) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein, each of the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take into 
account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in 
particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on 
the hedging arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party (as defined in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the Notes. The exercise of the Issuer's and/or 
the Calculation Agent's and/or such other person's discretion in respect of the Notes as 
provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a 
material modification or disruption to an Underlying to which the Notes are linked) 
may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Notes which may materially affect the 
costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Notes or relevant hedging 
arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing 
of the Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. 
unavailability or disruption to any reference source), it may no longer be reasonably 
practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying

--- Page 325 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
325 
 
or otherwise in connection with the Notes to be made, thus making it necessary for the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(ii) 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that "Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" is applicable, then: 
(A) 
General Condition 10(d)(i) (Exercise of Discretion) shall not apply and any 
hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to 
be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person, as the case may be; 
(B) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
person, that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
person, as the case may be, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, including without limitation any such determination, consideration, 
election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in 
the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other person; 
(C) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer may adjust the terms of the Notes (without the 
prior consent of the Noteholders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as 
applicable) shall take all reasonable measures to continue the Notes under 
similar terms and conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the 
essential characteristics of the Notes is not substantial and is made in order to 
preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of the Notes; 
(D) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer may substitute or replace an Underlying or 
Reference Asset or other asset (without the prior consent of the holders), the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer (as applicable) may only replace the applicable 
original Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) with a 
replacement asset which is as similar as possible to the original Underlying 
or Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) being replaced or substituted; 
and 
(E) 
the holders may not be charged any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation 
to adjustments or replacements as described in paragraphs (C) and (D) above. 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 10(d)(ii) shall prevail (save that in the case of any inconsistency General 
Condition 10(b) (Modifications) shall prevail over this General Condition 10(d)(ii)). 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 10, "hedging arrangements" means the arrangements, if 
any, the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be 
delivered under the Notes as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing directly 
in an Underlying or by entering into securities transactions or loan transactions or derivative 
transactions or any combination thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect 
investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing an Underlying or by 
entering into securities transactions, loan transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions 
in unfunded form with economically equivalent terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a 
combination of such credit derivative transactions with one or more other derivative contracts. 
Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging 
Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Notes together with other obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 326 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
326 
 
and/or its Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are 
efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, 
but will do so without having regard to the interests of Noteholders. A Hedging Party may also 
adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse 
costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if 
any hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Noteholder and no Noteholder will have recourse to any such hedging 
arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions (including the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) to determine 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. When making any such determination 
in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other persons may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant 
information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the 
following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above from internal sources 
(including any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons) or other information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with 
similar transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person is required 
to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal 
interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other person in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions 
under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall 
not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation 
or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest "unit" of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency which is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any such other person makes any express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes at any particular time on any particular date, 
or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 327 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
327 
 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) 
even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder 
for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Notes and act 
solely as agents of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Notes including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any 
Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for 
example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Notes or 
any Underlying and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations 
as Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes shall 
owe any duty or responsibility to any Noteholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests 
of any Noteholder. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes, a Note is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock 
exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices), in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note is subsequently presented for payment, there will be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. This General Condition 11 shall not apply to Swedish Notes or 
Finnish Notes. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon) PROVIDED THAT, for the avoidance 
of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the Conditions to "Issue Date" shall be to 
the first issue date of the Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with such Notes, and references in the Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in relation to Notes other than Finnish Notes and Swedish Notes 
All notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be deemed validly given if mailed to them at 
their respective addresses in the register and any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Registered 
Note Certificate(s) representing the Notes are held in its or their entirety (as applicable) on 
behalf of any Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as provided above, the

--- Page 328 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
328 
 
delivery of the relevant notice to each Relevant Clearing System for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading 
on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be 
published in the manner and/or place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing 
System the first such Relevant Clearing System. 
For so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required 
by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date specified above or, if deemed given 
more than once or on different dates, on the date first so deemed given as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Registrar. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such 
notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Registrar through the Relevant Clearing System 
in such manner as the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System may approve for this purpose. 
(b) 
Notices in relation to Finnish Notes 
Notices to holders of Finnish Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
Noteholder on the address registered for such Noteholder in the Euroclear Finland Register 
maintained by the Euroclear Finland Registrar in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
With respect to Finnish Notes listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") (or other stock exchange or relevant authority, as applicable) and so long 
as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange or relevant authority) and any 
such notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(c) 
Notices in relation to Swedish Notes 
Notices to holders of Swedish Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
holder of Notes to the address registered for such holder in the system of Euroclear Sweden or 
in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given, if sent by mail to the holder, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by 
mail. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
With respect to Swedish Notes listed on Euronext Dublin (or another stock exchange, as 
applicable) and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange) and any such 
notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above.  
14. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge 
into any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as 
an entirety to any Person (as defined below), other than (i) in the case of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and in relation to the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI and in 
relation to the CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more 
of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless:

--- Page 329 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
329 
 
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by 
conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Issuer 
substantially as an entirety (the "successor corporation") shall be a corporation 
organised and existing under the laws of any of the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in any such case, any 
political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be required to be 
taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor), expressly assume, the due 
and punctual payment of, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
Issuer, the principal and interest and the due and punctual delivery of all assets on all 
the Notes and the performance of the Conditions on the part of the Issuer to be 
performed or observed in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of the Notes and the performance of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee on the part of the CGMHI Guarantor to be performed or observed, or, in the 
case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, all amounts due 
under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of the Notes and the 
performance of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee on the part of the CGMFL Guarantor 
to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
if the Notes are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange shall 
have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes 
will continue to be listed or traded on such stock exchange. 
For the purposes of the Conditions "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or 
government or agency or any political subdivision thereof, and "Subsidiary" means any Person 
of which a majority of the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding 
ownership interests entitled to voting power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) 
shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as 
applicable, and/or one or more relevant Subsidiaries. For this purpose, "voting power" means 
power to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the case of a Person that is not a 
corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons holding similar 
positions). 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer 
or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with General Condition 14(a) above, the 
successor corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, is merged or to which such conveyance, 
transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power of, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with 
the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named as the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, herein (subject as provided in General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor)), and thereafter, except in the case 
of a lease, the predecessor corporation shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under 
the Conditions, the Notes, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in 
the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor only), the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor 
only) and the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including 
but not limited to this General Condition 15 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 15 shall be ignored in relation to Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 330 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
330 
 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 15 applies to a substitution, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, of Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), provided that in respect of: 
(i) 
a substitution of Citigroup Inc., and CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor, such 
substitution is subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General 
Condition 15(c) (General Conditions for Substitution) below; and  
(ii) 
if "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a substitution of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such substitution is 
subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General Conditions 
15(b) (Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) and 15(c) (General 
Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
If "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for itself any Substitute, provided that: 
(i) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the "Original 
Entity"), of at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; 
or 
(ii) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Additional Requirements are satisfied: 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15(b), "Additional Requirements" means the 
application of each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including 
without limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Original 
Entity shall unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
Substitute arising from the Conditions in relation to the Notes; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both 
(I) the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, 
on the date of such substitution, shall demonstrate a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors 
Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Original 
Entity;  
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in 
relation to any additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Noteholders due 
to differences between the regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the Original 
Entity and the Substitute, in each case which arise and become payable solely 
as a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; 
or (II) no occurrence of an event which remains in existence on such date 
which, in the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute 
an Event of Default, in relation to the Notes. 
(c) 
General Conditions for Substitution

--- Page 331 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
331 
 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place 
pursuant to this General Condition 15: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the 
Issuer, the Notes and the relevant Deed of Covenant, in the case of a substitution of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, in the case of a substitution of 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done, and 
shall continue in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute has become party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer have obtained: 
(A) 
legal opinions from independent legal advisers of recognised standing in the 
country of incorporation of the Substitute and (if the Notes are English Law 
Notes) in England, or (if the Notes are New York Law Notes) in the United 
States, that the obligations of the Substitute, under the Notes and the relevant 
Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, or the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, as the case may be, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute; 
(B) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMHI (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis 
as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (B) 
shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor with respect 
to Notes issued by CGMHI); 
(C) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis 
as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (C) 
shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor with respect 
to Notes issued by CGMFL); and 
(D) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the 
Substitute and the Notes comply with all applicable requirements of the 
Securities Act;  
(iv) 
such substitution is permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are listed and each such stock exchange has confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed or will appoint a process agent to act as its 
agent in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes (if the Notes are 
English Law Notes) and, if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed or will appoint a 
process agent to act as its agent in New York to receive service of process on its behalf 
in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes (if the Notes are New York Law Notes);

--- Page 332 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
332 
 
(vi) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has 
given notice of the date of such substitution to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices);  
(vii) 
in the case of Finnish Notes only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted by 
Euroclear Finland; and 
(viii) 
in the case of Swedish Notes only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted by 
Euroclear Sweden. 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 15, the Substitute may, without 
the consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. The provisions specified in this 
General Condition 17 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions 
to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, 
where the context so requires, be deemed to be or to include references to any such 
further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases references to the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 15 (including any further 
substitution as contemplated by General Condition 15(d)(ii) above), any Substitute 
may, without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
CGMHI may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this 
General Condition 15, notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into Citigroup Inc. pursuant to General Condition 
14 (Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI 
Guarantor without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions 
which shall be construed accordingly; or 
(B) 
CGMFL may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this 
General Condition 15, notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into CGML pursuant to General Condition 14 
(Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor 
without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions which shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 15 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI 
Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the substitution of the CGMFL 
Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any 
resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, upon or following the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, becoming subject to any receivership, insolvency, 
liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be 
notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of such 
stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be 
complied with (including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(vii) 
Upon the substitution of Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this General Condition 15 or 
General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or

--- Page 333 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
333 
 
Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction substituted for the 
United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 7(a) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 9(a)(iv) and 
9(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and any 
related expressions (as determined by the Issuer), shall, if determined by the Issuer to 
be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, 
is organised and existing.  
(viii) 
Upon the substitution of CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor, pursuant to this General 
Condition 15 or General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under 
the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction 
substituted for the United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General 
Condition 7(b) (Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General 9(a)(iv) 
and 9(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and any 
related expressions (as determined by the Issuer), shall, if determined by the Issuer to 
be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, 
is organised and existing.  
(ix) 
Upon the substitution of CGMFL, pursuant to this General Condition 15 or General 
Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute, 
as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction 
other than Luxembourg (or any jurisdiction substituted for Luxembourg pursuant to 
the Conditions): 
(A) 
references in General Condition 7(c) (Taxation) to Luxembourg (or such 
other jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) 
shall, if determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such 
substitution, be replaced with references to the jurisdiction under which such 
successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and 
existing; and  
(B) 
the following words shall be added to the end of paragraph (vi)(A) of the 
definition of "Event of Default" in General Condition 9(a) (Events of Default) 
immediately following the words "or other similar arrangement": 
", or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, 
any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer 
is organised and existing has an analogous effect to any of the events referred 
to above in this definition". 
(x) 
Upon the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, pursuant to this General Condition 15 
or General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation 
or Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom (or any jurisdiction substituted for the 
United Kingdom pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 7(c) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 9(a)(vi)(B) 
and 9(a)(vi)(C) (Events of Default) to the United Kingdom (or such other jurisdiction) 
and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the 
Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references 
to the jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case 
may be, is organised and existing.  
(xi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg 
civil code, the Noteholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, are 
expressly deemed to have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in 
accordance with this General Condition 15 and to the release of CGMFL from any and 
all obligations in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 334 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
334 
 
(xii) 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be 
made to the Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation 
or Substitute, including without limitation, to reflect the requirements of the BRRD or 
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime. 
16. 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents, designate a Redenomination Date, being 
a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Notes shall be a date for payment of interest under 
the Notes) falling on or after the date on which the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the 
Conditions: 
(a) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount of Euro as is 
equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant Specified Currency at the Established 
Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(b) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, other than payments of 
interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely 
in Euro as though references in the Notes to the relevant Specified Currency were to Euro. 
Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the agreement 
of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then 
applicable to Notes denominated in Euro including but not limited to where the Notes are in 
global form. Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have been notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
As used in the Conditions: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty. 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest-bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Notes) any date, in each case 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to General Condition 13 
(Notices) and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the Specified Currency 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this General Condition 16 will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Noteholders.

--- Page 335 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
335 
 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
(i) 
English Law Notes 
The English Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Notwithstanding this:  
(A) 
the registration and transfer of Finnish Notes in Euroclear Finland's system 
for the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Finnish law.  
(B) 
the registration of the Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law.  
(ii) 
New York Law Notes 
The New York Law Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
the law of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.  
(iii) 
General 
In relation to each Series of Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of such 
Series and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
agreement shall be governed by the governing law of such Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where CGMFL is the Issuer, Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
the Companies Act 1915, are hereby excluded. In addition, no Noteholder may initiate 
proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction  
(i) 
English Law Notes 
In respect of English Law Notes, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with such Notes, including any dispute as 
to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such Notes (a "Dispute") and all 
Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
In respect of English Law Notes, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders 
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and each of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders taking proceedings in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(ii) 
New York Law Notes 
In respect of New York Law Notes, each of the Noteholders, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor hereby consent to the jurisdiction of a state or federal court situated in New 
York City, New York in connection with any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with New York Law Notes. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or 
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court 
and any claim that such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum.  
(c) 
Service of Process in respect of English Law Notes

--- Page 336 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
336 
 
In respect of English Law Notes, each Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK 
branch of Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
(correspondence to be marked for the attention of the Company Secretary) as its agent for 
service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and 
agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe plc, UK branch being unable or unwilling for any 
reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify holders of Notes of such 
appointment in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this General Condition 17(c) shall not apply in respect of New York 
Law Notes. 
18. 
Third Parties and Waiver of Trial by Jury 
(a) 
Rights of Third Parties 
In respect of English Law Notes, such Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of such Notes, but this does not affect any right or 
remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act. This General Condition 
18(a) is not applicable to New York Law Notes. 
(b) 
For the sole benefit of Noteholders of New York Law Notes; no third-party beneficiaries 
In respect of New York Law Notes, nothing in the Conditions, expressed or implied, shall give 
or be construed to give to any person, firm or corporation, other than the holders, any legal or 
equitable right, remedy or claim under the Conditions, the Conditions being for the sole benefit 
of the holders. There shall not be any third-party beneficiaries of the Conditions in respect of 
New York Law Notes. 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH 
NOTEHOLDER 
HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY 
AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) 
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION 
BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE 
NOTES OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, 
COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR 
ACTIONS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS. 
19. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in 
Respect of Notes Issued by CGMFL 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 19 ONLY APPLIES TO NOTES ISSUED BY CGMFL: 
(a) 
In respect of Notes issued by CGMFL (such Notes being "CGMFL Notes"), each Noteholder 
(which, for the purposes of this General Condition 19, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in such CGMFL Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding 
any other term of the CGMFL Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between CGMFL and such Noteholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL Notes: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant 
resolution authority if the latter were to consider that the amounts due under 
the CGMFL Notes would fall within the scope of the bail-in power.  This bail-
in power may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the 
CGMFL Notes;

--- Page 337 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
337 
 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the 
CGMFL Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of 
CGMFL or another person, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the CGMFL 
Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept, in lieu of any 
rights under the CGMFL Notes, any such shares, other securities or 
other obligations of CGMFL or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the CGMFL Notes; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the CGMFL Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest (if any) payable on the CGMFL 
Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
if applicable, that the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Notes are subject 
to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-
in power by the relevant resolution authority. 
For these purposes, the "bail-in power" refers to any write down or conversion power 
existing from time to time (including, without limitation, any power to amend or alter 
the maturity of eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution or amend the 
amount of interest payable under such eligible liabilities or the date on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period) under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements applicable 
in Luxembourg, whether relating to (i) the implementation of Directive 2014/59/EU 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms ("BRRD", as amended as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) and as 
transposed into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on 
the recovery, resolution and liquidation of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms, as amended, (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a 
Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 1093/2010 ("SRM Regulation"), or (iii) any other laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements arising under Luxembourg law, and the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which, in particular, the obligations of CGMFL can be 
reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of CGMFL or any other person. 
A reference to the "relevant resolution authority" is to the Luxembourg financial 
sector supervisory authority (Commission de surveillance du secteur financier, the 
CSSF) acting as resolution authority (conseil de résolution) and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any bail-in power with the authority 
to exercise any of the Luxembourg bail-in powers against CGMFL from time to time, 
including the Single Resolution Board, the European Central Bank, the European 
Banking Authority, the European Council and the European Commission when acting 
pursuant to the provisions of the SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of any amounts due or the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of CGMFL or another person, as 
a result of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority with 
respect to CGMFL, nor the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution 
authority with respect to the CGMFL Notes will be an Event of Default under the 
CGMFL Notes.

--- Page 338 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
338 
 
20. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 20 ONLY APPLIES TO ENGLISH LAW NOTES: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and in respect of English Law Notes only: 
(i) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act 
or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (each, 
a "U.S. Special Resolution Regime"), the transfer of the Notes (where the Notes are 
Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMHI) 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued by 
CGMFL) the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (together, the "Relevant Agreements") (and 
the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements)  from 
the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be 
effective to the same extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under such U.S. 
Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and obligation 
in or under the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States 
or a state of the United States; and  
(ii) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, or 
any of their respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in 
accordance with, 12 United States Code ("U.S.C.") 1841(k)) becomes subject to a 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant 
Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such default rights 
could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant 
Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
States. For purposes of this paragraph "default right" has the meaning assigned to that 
term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulation 
("C.F.R.") 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered 
Instrument" refers to any Note that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial 
contract" as such term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 
5390(c)(8)(D). 
21. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and if "Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be any day except a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; or (b) "TARGET", then "Business Day" shall also be a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 339 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
339 
 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any 
successor thereto (the "TARGET2 System") is open. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"English Law Notes" means any Notes issued by any of the Issuers for which the governing 
law is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "English Law". 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of Economic and Monetary Union. 
"Maturity Date" means subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes or in the case 
of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"New York Law Notes" means any Notes issued by any of the Issuers for which the governing 
law is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "State of New York". 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating.

--- Page 340 ---
Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
340 
 
SECTION G.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

--- Page 341 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
341 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 (INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS) 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Inflation Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Notes linked to Inflation Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
"DIR Inflation Linked Notes" are Notes (i) which either bear interest payable at, or calculated 
by reference to, a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index and the 
specific interest payment date to allow interpolation between the two monthly fixings ("DIR 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes"), and/or (ii) in respect of which the amount payable at 
maturity is calculated by reference to movements in an inflation index. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if "Fallback Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued 
by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a scheduled maturity date which falls on (i) the same day as the Maturity Date; (ii) 
the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the 
Maturity Date; or (iii) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described 
in (i) or (ii) above is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union ("EMU"), then the Calculation Agent will 
select an inflation-linked bond which is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays interest or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the EMU. In 
each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds 
issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing 
on the same date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index redeems, then the Calculation Agent 
will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue 
at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed 
bond is exchanged). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and (b) announces (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
"Inflation Index" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
any Successor Index. 
"Inflation Rate Notes" are Notes which either bear interest payable at, or calculated by 
reference to, a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index. 
"Increased Cost of Index Event" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, that the relevant 
Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates increased or unexpected fees 
and costs for the use of such Inflation Index, which the Calculation Agent determines are 
material. 
"Manifest Error Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Payment Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity 
Date or other date to which such Valuation Date relates.

--- Page 342 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
342 
 
"Reference Month" means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Valuation Date, each month 
specified as such for such Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Revision Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Valuation Date and a 
related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference Month, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to an Inflation Index. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Valuation Date 
Any Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index and the 
Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply thereto. The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Inflation Indices (if any). 
(b) 
Substitute Index Level 
(i) 
Inflation Rate Notes 
This paragraph (i) only applies in relation to Inflation Rate Notes. 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determine a substitute index level (the "Substitute Index Level") by using the 
following methodology: 
(A) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index 
Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Fallback Bond; and 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (A) does not result in a 
Substitute Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level in 
accordance with the formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (
Latest Level
Reference Level) 
Where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the Reference Month for which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar

--- Page 343 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
343 
 
months prior to the Reference Month referred to in the definition for "Latest 
Level" above; and 
(C) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month 
is published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant 
Payment Date, then such Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any 
calculation. The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Index Condition 3 will be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the 
relevant Reference Month. 
(ii) 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes 
This paragraph (ii) only applies in relation to DIR Inflation Linked Notes. 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determine a substitute index level (the "Substitute Index Level") by using the 
following methodology: 
(A) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index 
Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Fallback Bond; and 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute 
Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level as follows: 
(1) 
in the definition of DIR Index, if the Underlying Closing Level of the 
specified Inflation Index is not available for either Index Month A or 
Index Month B (both as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the 
DIR Index Figure applicable to the relevant Interest Payment Date will 
be the Latest Level, where 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest 
level of such Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) 
published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor; 
(2) 
in the definition of DIR Index, if the Underlying Closing Level of the 
specified Inflation Index is not available for both Index Month A and 
Index Month B, then Inflation Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an 
Inflation Index) will apply. 
(C) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month 
is published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant 
Payment Date, then such Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any 
calculation. The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Index Condition 3 will be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the 
relevant Reference Month. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index if this 
Inflation Index Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the 
occurrence at any time of an Increased Cost of Index Event.

--- Page 344 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
344 
 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Successor Index can be determined under Inflation 
Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); and/or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made under Inflation 
Index Condition 6(e) (Modification of an Inflation Index). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of an Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(b) is subject as provided in Inflation Index 
Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) below. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index, 
or any revision to such Underlying Closing Level made no later than the relevant Revision Cut-
off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If "No Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation 
Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Underlying Closing Level 
will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No 
Revision" shall be deemed to apply. 
(c) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an Underlying Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a manifest error no later than 
the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days 
following the first publication and announcement of such Underlying Closing Level, then the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Underlying Closing Level for the purposes of any 
calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. Any correction to an Underlying Closing 
Level of such Inflation Index published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not 
be used in any calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. In the event of any 
inconsistency (as determined by the Calculation Agent) between this Inflation Index Condition 
6(c) and Inflation Index Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the 
operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(c) shall prevail. 
(d) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level for an Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces 
that it will no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index; and/or (iii) the Index 
Sponsor cancels such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation 
Index with a successor index (a "Successor Index") by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by 
the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be designated a 
"Successor Index" for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Valuation

--- Page 345 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
345 
 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under sub-paragraph (i) and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the relevant Index Sponsor, 
specifying that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation 
index specified by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines 
that such replacement inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously 
applicable Inflation Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index 
for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes 
into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next following Payment Date, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Index". 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or 
appropriate to account for the effect of such replacement in order to preserve the original 
economic rationale and objectives of the Notes and determine the effective date(s) of the 
adjustment(s) to the Notes. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, an Additional Early Redemption 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Inflation Index Condition 5 
(Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(e) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustments to the Conditions (i) (if a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation 
Index) as are consistent with any adjustment made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or (ii) (if no 
Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index) as are necessary for such modified 
Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, an Additional Early 
Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(f) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for the purposes 
of determining any Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such Rebased Index reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such

--- Page 346 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
346 
 
rebasing in order to preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of the Notes and 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Notes. 
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes.

--- Page 347 ---
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) 
 
347 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 (RATE CONDITIONS) 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Notes linked to Rates. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Disrupted Day" shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to 
Valuation). 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. 
"Rate" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the percentage 
rate of such Rate for such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as 
of the Valuation Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation 
Time which may not be the "closing time" and a Rate may only be determined once on any 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an Underlying that is a Rate. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on 
which the percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the 
Electronic Page. 
4. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless "Correction Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate then, if neither 
"Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" nor "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is 
specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of Valuation

--- Page 348 ---
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) 
 
348 
 
and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
applies in respect of that Rate; or: 
(i) 
if "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding 
such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Rate Condition 4(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of 
a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
following first succeeding such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day would fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled 
Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date, unless, in either 
such case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate 
Condition 4(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a 
Disrupted Day) shall apply. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" or "Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then the 
adjustment provisions relating to Preceding Scheduled Trading Day or, as the case may be, 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day prevail and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(ii) shall be construed so as not to apply to such Rate and consequently all reference to "for 
all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(ii) shall be construed not to include any such Rate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) or, as the case may be, Rate Condition 4(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a 
Disrupted Day for a Rate, then (a) if ISDA Fallback Determination is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Rate for the Valuation Date at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, if ISDA Fallback Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level for such Rate on the Valuation Date as being the rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the relevant Valuation Date, 
PROVIDED THAT, the Floating Rate Option shall always be determined by reference to the 
rate which appears on the relevant screen page or price source on the applicable Reset Date and, 
accordingly, all references in any Floating Rate Option to the contrary, including any references 
to the rate on any day other than that Reset Date shall be deemed to be deleted and the words 
"on the Reset Date" shall be substituted therefor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.

--- Page 349 ---
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) 
 
349 
 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and reference to "for all of the 
Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) shall be construed not to include any 
Underlying that is a Rate. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day 
falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the "Cut-off Valuation Date"), 
such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that 
such date either (A) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day 
for such Rate) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e)(ii) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels) shall 
apply in respect thereof.  
(e) 
Substitute or Successor Rates 
The provisions below and the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall be subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25. 
If, on or prior to the date on which any Underlying Closing Level in respect of a Rate is to be 
determined in respect of the Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that such Rate (each a 
"Disrupted Rate") (1) has been discontinued or is permanently no longer being published, or 
(2) there has been an official announcement or formal publication of information by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of such Rate that the Rate (x) is no longer 
representative, or (y) as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being 
representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that the Rate is intended 
to measure (in the case of (y) provided such specified future date has then occurred), the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level by reference to (a) a 
substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted substitute or successor 
rate for the relevant Disrupted Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted 
substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) (in either case, the "Successor Rate"). 
Upon selection of a Successor Rate, such Successor Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying in place of the Disrupted Rate and the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect 
any industry-accepted practices for the Successor Rate and the effective date of any such 
adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, any such adjustments may include adjustments to the 
definition of Scheduled Trading Day, Disrupted Day and any other relevant methodology or 
definition for determining the relevant Rate and may also include the application of any 
adjustment factor it determines is needed to reduce, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the Noteholders to the 
Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Rate with 
the Successor Rate. Notice of the selection of any Successor Rate and any related adjustments 
to the Conditions, once fully determined, shall be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof shall also be published in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
Any determination made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Rate Condition 4(e) shall be 
made in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable.

--- Page 350 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
350 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 (CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS) 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Part A of Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) (including 
the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this 
Part A) shall not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide 
practical examples to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any 
decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful consideration of the 
entirety of the Base Prospectus, the General Conditions and the Schedules to the Terms and Conditions, 
particularly the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit Linked Conditions 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant 
Issue Terms. This section should be treated as an introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on 
the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entity(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a 
buyer of credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference 
obligation of the Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy. Borrowed 
money obligations would include any incurred loan obligations of the Reference Entity, obligations under 
any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference 
Entity related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, failure to perform with respect to certain 
specified reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result 
of a deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are 
debt transfers or where another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or 
loans of the Reference Entity. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity.

--- Page 351 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
351 
 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event 
will occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities 
are concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit 
Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit 
of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked Notes 
and/or lose all or part of its right to interest. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor 
will not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not 
have any interest in, or rights under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit 
Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk 
exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which 
the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or 
Guarantor, as applicable. Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may 
still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's, as applicable, creditworthiness declines.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking 
equity risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For 
example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or 
specified guarantees provided by the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money 
obligations, and a Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these 
debt obligations and under those guarantees before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of 
borrowed money obligations or specified guarantees provided by the Reference Entity in respect 
of borrowed money obligations; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not 
guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the 
value of these borrowed money obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa.

--- Page 352 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
352 
 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") is a trade organisation of 
participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is 
responsible for creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into 
derivatives transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by 
ISDA are available on ISDA's website: https://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of 
charge while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from more than 70 countries. 
These members include a broad range of over the counter derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being 
indicative of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also 
includes bankruptcy in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference 
Entity itself and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including 
certain qualifying guarantees provided by the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations of a third 
party) which, in relation to the Credit Linked Notes, include loans, debt securities or other borrowed 
money obligations of the Reference Entity or such third party or specified reference obligations 
("Obligations"). 
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations 
(after the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to an amount 
greater than a pre-determined minimum amount and where the "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is applicable, the failure to pay results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key terms 
of that Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest thereunder, 
postponement in the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of the 
instrument causing subordination or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies in 
a form that binds all holders of the obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in 
the terms of the instrument where the event results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration 
in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of 
such minimum amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently 
occurs within a specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or

--- Page 353 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
353 
 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or postponement of 
payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing 
subordination, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result 
of an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is 
binding regardless of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
instrument. This event is applicable only where "Financial Reference Entity" terms are stated 
to be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation 
to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will 
be determined by reference to market standards that will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Typically, certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit 
protection purchased will be subject to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes – for example, the applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference 
to a physical settlement matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix 
which is effective as at the Trade Date, Issue Date or Effective Date, as applicable, is referred to as the 
"Physical Settlement Matrix"). The Physical Settlement Matrix recognises a variety of standard terms 
based on the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location (EMEA 
(Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North America etc.). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge on ISDA's website 
at www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular series 
of Credit Linked Notes depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Further, the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit 
Linked Notes may refer to different versions of the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks 
arising from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further (What is a Credit Event? above), 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms. Additional Risk Events include, amongst other things, events that make it impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or materially delay the ability of, any entity holding a loan or 
obligation to convert or repatriate currency or purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the 
owner of any such loan or obligation or affect the performance of custodial and settlement activities.  
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk 
Events which may apply in relation to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity 
of each Reference Entity and the jurisdiction of such Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the pay-out on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit Event Backstop 
Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(i) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further "What is the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked Notes (other 
than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)?" below) receives a request to resolve whether or not a 
Credit Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity (such date of request, the "Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date"), 60 calendar days prior to the date of such request; or

--- Page 354 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
354 
 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, and supporting 
information (if applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to Fiscal Agent and Noteholders to that 
effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to consider the 
same, 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the effective delivery date of such Credit Event 
Notice (where it occurs during the notice delivery period) and (b) the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date (where the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice occurs during the 
post dismissal additional period), subject to extension in certain circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop 
Date in the relevant Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the pay-out on the Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the "Risk Event Determination Period", being a period 
commencing on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant?  
(i) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of the Credit 
Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time 
(or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective 
of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed 
to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.  
(ii) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the 
case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the 
time zone of its place of payment. 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference 
Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA prior to the 
Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details 
of such request may be found on the ISDA website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or 
any successor website). 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the "Notice 
Delivery Period", being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and 
expiring 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. In certain circumstances, a Credit Event may be 
bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event 
Announcement. Similarly, a Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the 
Risk Event Determination Period (see "When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the pay-out on 
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes?" above). 
However, in certain circumstances, the Notice Delivery Period or the Risk Event Determination Period, 
as applicable, may be extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date if a potential Credit Event, such as 
a Failure to Pay or Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the Credit Linked Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within a specified period following 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. In such case, the Notice Delivery Period will be extended to (and including) 
the date falling 14 calendar days following such Extension Date and the Risk Event Determination Period 
may also be extended in certain cases. Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled

--- Page 355 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
355 
 
Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice 
describing the occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered 
(together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the date on which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of publicly available information with respect to such question, provided that certain 
conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination 
Date could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective 
and on which a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Noteholder in 
relation to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see "When can a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event be triggered?" above).  
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
that is an M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger 
an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if 
(i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or a 
DC No Credit EventAnnouncement; (ii) it has some information to support its determination that a Credit 
Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event described in the Credit Event Notice. 
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power 
to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the purposes 
of the Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant 
auction buckets which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;

--- Page 356 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
356 
 
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-
financial instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will 
be cash settled; 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any "Successors" (for 
details, see "Successors" below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable to 
the Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such 
payments may be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC 
Secretary on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of 
each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to 
time by the DC Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of up to ten voting dealer members, five 
voting buyside (non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more 
credit derivatives central clearing counterparties ("CCP") as observer members. Dealer institutions are 
selected for membership in accordance with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain 
trading volume data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated 
subsidiary of ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible 
for various administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market 
participants to the relevant DC members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC votes. 
The DC secretary does not vote on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Issue Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes.  
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of only one Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Depending on the type of credit linkage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes will be either Credit Linked Principal Notes (i.e. the 
occurrence of a Credit Event will impact the payment of principal and any interest 
under such Notes) or Credit Linked Interest Notes (i.e. the payment of Contingent 
Interest under such Notes will be contingent upon a Credit Event not occurring in 
respect of the Reference Entity and accordingly, the occurrence of a Credit Event will 
impact the accrual of Contingent Interest whereas the payment of any Non-Contingent 
Interest and principal will remain unaffected).

--- Page 357 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
357 
 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and 
a relevant Event Determination Date occurs, then each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note will be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple 
successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date.  
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, unless redeemed early in full, the occurrence of a 
Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date will not result in any early 
redemption of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes and each outstanding Single 
Name Credit Linked Note will instead be expected to redeem at maturity (see "When 
will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" 
below). The Contingent Interest payable under such Notes will cease to accrue (in full 
or in part), for which see "Interest Specific Provisions" below. 
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R 
Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the 
performance of a basket with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of only the "nth" 
Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For example, if "n" is five, then 
redemption will only arise after a Credit Event has occurred with respect to five of the 
Reference Entities in the basket, and then only with respect to that fifth Reference 
Entity. As such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect of a number of Reference 
Entities which is less than "n", redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs 
or multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of 
the nth Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and 
Successor provisions. 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of a basket of Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms and are exposed 
to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of any one or more of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the 
weighting of the affected Reference Entity or Reference Entities, by payment of the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount(s) on the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date(s) and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring 
and Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Credit Events, and therefore Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event

--- Page 358 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
358 
 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance 
with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the 
performance of component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity 
in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the 
weighting of the affected Reference Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where 
applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions.  
Credit Events, and therefore Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance 
with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
although such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred 
losses and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in 
respect of a specified tranche of that Index. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index 
or a CDX® Index. Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to 
the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the 
weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, to the extent 
that losses suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed 
tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to 
reflect the incurred loss and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected 
Reference Entity (to the extent that any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls 
within the prescribed tranche) with payment of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and 
Successor provisions. 
Credit Events, and therefore Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance 
with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the 
performance of component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, although such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only 
exposed to the incurred losses and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred 
recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity

--- Page 359 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
359 
 
in the relevant basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the relevant Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference 
Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to 
reflect the incurred loss and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected 
Reference Entity (to the extent that any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls 
within the prescribed tranche) with payment of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and 
Successor provisions. 
Credit Events, and therefore Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance 
with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of only one Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, where such 
Reference Entity is a sovereign reference entity of a local access jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, in addition to exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity, an 
investment in Local Access Credit Linked Notes involve additional risks associated 
with such local access jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, 
governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date occurs then each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or 
where multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect 
of Local Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor 
provisions.  
PAY-OUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for pay-outs that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs? below);  
(b) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, "What 
is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event"?" 
below);  
(c) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, 
"What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"?" below); or 
(d) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering 
early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?" 
below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event 
occurs?

--- Page 360 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
360 
 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has 
occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, 
repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) 
(see further "What will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not 
redeemed early?" below). 
(B) 
What is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following 
Risk Event"? 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", 
as applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result and redemption follows such 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What will Noteholders receive 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" 
applies?" below). This will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only.  
(C) 
What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"? 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in 
case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption 
(and accordingly, payment of the relevant redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity 
(see further "What will Noteholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?" 
below). This will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
(D) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes; (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful 
for the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply 
with material provisions of agreements entered into in connection with the Credit 
Linked Notes; (iii) an Early Redemption Event occurs (see further "When will an Early 
Redemption Event occur?" below); (iv) certain Events of Default occur; (v) in certain 
cases and if applicable, following an administrator/benchmark adjustment event; (vi) 
the Issuer elects to exercise its call option in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if 
"Issuer Call" is applicable); (vii) an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, (viii) a 
Merger Event occurs; or (ix) if the Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference 
Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its 
scheduled maturity date (see further "What will Noteholders receive if the Issuer 
redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than due to a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event)?" below). 
When will an Early Redemption Event occur? 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) the Issuer and/or Guarantors 
become subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with 
respect to the Notes; (b) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines in respect of certain 
Notes that no Successor Index can be determined or no adjustment to the relevant Index can reasonably 
be made; (c) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or 
substitution can reasonably be made to account for the effect of an Adjustment Event; or (d) the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has occurred. Some of the relevant Early 
Redemption Events need to be specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms for such events to be 
applicable to a Series of Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 361 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
361 
 
May Noteholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Noteholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Noteholders expected to receive pursuant to the different pay-outs contemplated under the 
Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, the 
amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to par or at a premium (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes). 
(B) 
What will Noteholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit 
Payment following Risk Event" applies? 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount?" below), with no further 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What interest payments 
will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event?" below). The 
Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Noteholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies? 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in 
respect of, such portion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable. This will not affect any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) 
will accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified in the Issue Terms (see further 
"What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event?" below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in an amount 
equal to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount?" below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than 
the par value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero. 
(D) 
What will Noteholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than 
due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk 
Event, Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Credit Linked Notes. The Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount is an amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on 
the Early Redemption Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger 
Redemption Amount may be equal to either (x) the Early Redemption Amount or (y) an amount

--- Page 362 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
362 
 
equal to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes less any 
unwind costs, and will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by 
payment of the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement 
Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes, less any unwind costs. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit 
Linked Note that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining 
the amounts payable or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, and/or for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. 
The calculation of the Applicable Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type 
of Credit Event (including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring or not) or Risk Event, 
as applicable, and whether the Successor provisions are relevant (see further "Successors" below): 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note or Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or multiple 
successors have not been identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount or the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where the Credit 
Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and where the succession provisions are 
applicable).  
(B) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to 
multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount or Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption

--- Page 363 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
363 
 
is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs 
following the operation of the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes.  
(D) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being 
identified); or 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (where partial redemption occurs following the operation of the succession 
provisions).  
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method 
elected for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), provided that the Fallback Redemption 
Method, also specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event Redemption 
Method cannot be applied. 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
may be selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash 
Redemption or Physical Redemption. Although a Credit Event Redemption Method may be 
specified for Credit Linked Interest Notes, such Notes will not be early redeemed following a 
Credit Event. No fallback redemption method will be applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes. 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical 
Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
LA Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be 
selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such 
product. Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment:

--- Page 364 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
364 
 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction 
Redemption Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount 
(where Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" is applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain 
deliverables determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or 
eligible obligations ("Valuation Obligations") of the Reference Entity on a specified date 
(being the final price determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to 
Cash Redemption, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
relevant Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will be determined on the basis of 
bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers. 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is 
applicable, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in 
turn, in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is 
based on the recovery price of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an 
Auction or, where Cash Redemption applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation 
Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes will be 
the LA Cash Redemption Amount (where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is applicable, the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified 
eligible assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the eligible assets shall be one or more assets that are either assets issued by the Reference Entity 
(and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would 
constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with 
elections made in the relevant Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be determined 
on the basis of the highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers or if no such bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction 
settlement terms published by the DC Secretary (an "Auction"). The Auction will involve a bidding 
process by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under

--- Page 365 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
365 
 
the relevant auction settlement terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the "Deliverable 
Obligations") of the relevant Reference Entity. Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the 
Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" which are on the Final List as published by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids 
and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within 
the specified tranche), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, in each case, requires the Recovery 
Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the Recovery Amount will be equal 
to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity 
(and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the recovery price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. 
The lower the auction price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered 
by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the 
Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner which may even be zero.  
(I) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that 
are Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
product of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed 
and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid

--- Page 366 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
366 
 
quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable 
Obligations, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(II) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, is an amount representing each Note's pro rata share of an 
amount equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Notes), 
minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, the 
Recovery Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
the Exercise Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the 
basis of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers 
for the Deliverable Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash 
Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be determined on the basis of the 
highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for certain 
specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference Entity which may be assets issued by the 
Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being the LA Settlement Assets). 
However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the LA Recovery 
Amount acting in its sole discretion.  
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the LA 
Recovery Amount, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the Issuer will 
be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, for 
valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the greater the amount 
retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the 
smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
What will the Noteholder receive if Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If Physical Redemption applies (and, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are 
also Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the Noteholders 
that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of obligations of the Reference Entity 
which falls within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Category) and have the 
specified characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) which will be set out 
in the Issue Terms and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following the 
occurrence of the Credit Event, minus any delivery expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer 
in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, 
the assets to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of 
transfer or physical delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation haven't been obtained.

--- Page 367 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
367 
 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical 
Redemption Assets may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to 
pay a cash amount to the Noteholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Physical 
Redemption applies, the Issuer will physically deliver such assets to the Noteholders (being the 
LA Settlement Assets) that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the assets or obligations of the Reference Entity or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent which constitute Deliverable Obligations, less (2) any unwind costs. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, 
physical delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of the Issuer 
or within the control of the Noteholders. 
What will a Noteholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as applicable (and in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), then following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event Determination Date, the 
amount payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date shall be calculated as set 
out in "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash 
Redemption applies?" above, provided that instead of the Final Price, the "Fixed Recovery Percentage" 
set out in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage may be specified as zero, 
in which case Noteholders will lose all of their investment upon the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable. 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the 
risk occurring with respect to receiving the "cheapest to deliver" assets by imposing complex restrictions 
on deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must 
additionally have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice 
of Physical Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a "Movement 
Option" to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes (and in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), and it constitutes an M(M)R 
Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of such Restructuring Credit Event. This Credit Event requires a Credit Event Notice to be delivered in 
order to be triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered bilaterally). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit 
Event occurred (such partial amount, the "Exercise Amount"). The Credit Event Redemption Amount 
payable to Noteholders will reflect such partial exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations of interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be 
determined only in respect of the outstanding nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such 
reduction.

--- Page 368 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
368 
 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a determination of multiple successors (and 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes that are Credit Linked Principal Notes), the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be 
calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts. For details on successors, see "Successors" below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit 
Linked Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or 
more Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if "Grace Period 
Extension" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if "Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within 
an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date occurring (iii) a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring; (iv) the final Credit Event Redemption Date or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including 
any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date); (v) a Payment 
Failure Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event has occurred; or (vi) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur 
of (a) the fifth Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption 
Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, 
any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date 
(if applicable); or (d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event 
Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any 
unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date) and (b) the 
fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable). 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
actually occurs on or prior to the LA Cut Off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the 
latest to occur of (a) the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as 
applicable; (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and 
(c) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable.

--- Page 369 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
369 
 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on 
which interest (in full or in part) ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes (for further information see "What is the Applicable Proportion?" above) shall depend on 
whether "No Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding such occurrence of the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, 
from (and including) the Issue Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) shall cease 
from and including the first Business Day immediately following such occurrence of the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked 
Note), interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest) will 
accrue on the Applicable Proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding 
such Event Determination Date or, (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to 
(and including) such Event Determination Date; and (ii) in respect of each Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount shall be payable if and only if an Interest Payment Date 
were to occur from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Risk Event 
Determination Date, or, (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and 
including) such Risk Event Determination Date. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), any accrued, but unpaid, 
interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies) or in 
respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only and 
where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) on such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies), (iii) if the Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in full, on the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following the first Delivery Date (if "Physical 
Redemption" applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, such payment of 
suspended interest shall be made if and only if an Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to a prescribed 
date. In respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes, any accrued, but unpaid, Contingent Interest shall be 
paid on (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) such date as determined by the Calculation Agent and (iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate 
where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies.If a Credit Event and Event Determination 
Date have not occurred will I receive payments of interest on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and 
no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest 
Notes only, any Contingent Interest) will be suspended to the maximum possible amount (assuming an 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, as though full exercise of an

--- Page 370 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
370 
 
M(M)R Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery Redemption with Fixed 
Recovery Percentage at 0 per cent. has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the LA Interest Amount relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer's obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are 
made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No 
Credit Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to 
Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question.  
In such case, the Noteholders will be paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following the 
date of such announcement or determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable. 
Will Noteholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer's obligation to make interest 
payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the 
delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest 
following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) 
was greater or lesser than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer will be 
required to calculate the adjustment interest amount due to or from the Noteholders and such adjustment 
amount will be paid to, or held back from future interest payments owed to, the Noteholders (the amount 
(if any) due from the Noteholders is referred to as the "Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount"). If not 
reduced to zero before the relevant maturity or early redemption date, the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount shall be deducted from the final redemption amounts or the amount of Physical Redemption 
Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then: 
(i) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated obligations of 
the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further subordinated 
obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such 
Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the debt 
transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated Obligations, the 
debt transfer shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no 
such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans 
which include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
provided that "Governmental Intervention" is also specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, if 
an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the 
time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered,

--- Page 371 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
371 
 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic; 
(v) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental 
Intervention will not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event; or  
(vi) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms or (b) a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, 
if "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable and any Prior Deliverable Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is an Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Restructuring 
Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect 
to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an "Asset Package Credit Event".  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been 
specified not to apply in the relevant Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the Auction 
Final Price or recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the "Asset Package"), will 
be the "Asset Package" comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant Holder by reference 
to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of the 
Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event which 
would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a Restructuring 
Credit Event, the Reference Obligation (i.e. a "Prior Deliverable Obligation"); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by 
ISDA and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time and which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a "Package Observable Bond"). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement".  
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist 
valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations?  
Where the Issue Terms specify "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" 
(published on 8 December 2017) as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the

--- Page 372 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
372 
 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed ("Senior Non-Preferred Obligation"), 
and which ranks above "Traditional Subordinated Obligations" or which would so rank if Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations existed. In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the 2014 CoCo Supplement to be applicable, if with respect to one or 
more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the 
operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount 
of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, 
such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital 
ratio is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger 
percentage is specified. 
What are the Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities" are 
applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee 
insurance policy or similar financial guarantees pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably 
guarantees or insures certain borrowed money instruments of another party. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Hellenic Republic, Republic of Ecuador 
or Republic of Ukraine? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 5 March 2018), "Additional 
Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" 
(published by ISDA on 29 May 2012) or "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 11 April 2016) are 
applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations (as the case may be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations, which:  
(i) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(iii) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation 
for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms where there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, 
the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation with 
the relevant Seniority Level with be the Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the 
Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The SRO list for selected standard reference obligations selected by the Credit

--- Page 373 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
373 
 
Derivatives Determinations Committee can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor 
webpage. Standard reference obligation could also be disapplied in the Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor", on or after 1 January 2014). 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the 
single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the 
Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption. 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, then such entity/ies may be identified as a "Successor" to the 
original Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following 
a succession event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in 
the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index 
Sponsor may also following a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the 
original Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying 
guarantee succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies 
certain specified thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of 
the obligations and at least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at 
the time of determination certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange 
Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity 
is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a 
"Successor", the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk 
associated with a Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk 
associated with the original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time 
from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is:

--- Page 374 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
374 
 
(i) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall 
prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference 
Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has 
occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the ISDA website 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in "What is a "Successor" to the 
Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?" above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (ii) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information and (iii) is required to act in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor. 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a 
Successor. In such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis 
of such apportioned amounts.  
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and 
multiple Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with 
respect to each Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
nth Reference Entity (where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur 
only in relation to the nth Reference Entity).  
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index 
that is either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The itraxx indices covers the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African 
markets and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the 
market. For instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-
indices such as Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials 
index. The iTraxx® Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-

--- Page 375 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
375 
 
Pacific iTraxx® indices cover the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia 
index and the iTraxx® Japan index. In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-
sovereign entities from Central & Eastern European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a 
selection methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. It covers sectors including CDX® 
North American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, CDX® 
North American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging Markets, 
CDX® Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and municipal 
Reference Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index. 
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the 
Index Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html. 
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Noteholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index ("index CDS") may be found 
on Markit's website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit's website includes the standard 
terms supplement for the applicable index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of Reference 
Entities for the applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many of the most 
widely traded credit default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes based on an index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the relevant 
terms for that index CDS published by Markit, the list of the relevant index CDS (with the relevant annex 
date) to be incorporated as published by Markit and the effective date of that index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in 
connection with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property 
of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit 
Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under 
the Index Sponsor's rules governing the index CDS (the Index Sponsor, together with such participants, 
the "Index Parties"). The Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
and hereby expressly disclaim all warranties (including, without limitation, those of merchantability or 
fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to any index or any data included therein or relating 
thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of 
any index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the index CDS, the 
composition of the index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise, and/or the 
creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to, any entity in the 
index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.   
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the index CDS, and the 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the purchase of any Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to take the needs of any Investor into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the index CDS. The Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information concerning any index from 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the index CDS. 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT

--- Page 376 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
376 
 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event; 
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the 
Final Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date 
occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination 
Date occurred or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, any additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Noteholders and the date on which such adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred. 
Noteholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders

--- Page 377 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
377 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The worked examples below are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. 
They are not an indication of the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit 
Linked Notes. Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review and obtain such 
professional advice as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes 
Note: The principles applicable to a first Credit Event occurring in respect of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes can be applied for Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, except that references to "Auction Final Price", "Auction Redemption Date", "Auction 
Redemption Amount", "Final Auction Redemption Date" and "Credit Event" will be deemed to refer to 
"Final Price", "LA Cash Redemption Date", "LA Cash Redemption Amount", "LA Final Cash 
Redemption Amount" and "Risk Event", respectively. 
Scenario 1: An investor invests 40,000,000 and Credit Event (Repudiation and Moratorium) occurs 
on Reference Entity RI with an assumed Auction Final Price of 65%  
The Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) X 100% (assuming no previous 
multiple successor identification)) would be 40,000,000 and the Auction Redemption Amount 
(Applicable Portion (40,000,000 X Recovery (65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption but as 
Applicable Proportion is written down bringing original investment to zero, nothing remains 
outstanding.  
(b) 
As no further credit events can occur, on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original Investment (40,000,000 – Applicable Proportion 
(40,000,000)) is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity. On the 
Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
Investment(40,000,000) – Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: An investor invests 40,000,000 and Credit Event (M(M)R Restructuring occurs on 
Reference Entity RI with an assumed Auction Final Price of 65% but there is only a partial exercise 
of 5,000,000. 
The 
Applicable 
Proportion 
(Specified 
Denomination 
(40,000,000) 
X 
Exercise 
Amount 
(5,000,000/Original Investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000 and the Auction Redemption Amount 
(Applicable Portion (5,000,000 X Recovery (65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other credit events occur, on Scheduled Maturity Date, the Aggregate Notional 
Outstanding (Original Investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000)) 
is paid, being 35,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity. On the 
Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original Investment

--- Page 378 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
378 
 
(40,000,000 – Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts 
(Here 1 Auction Redemption Amount exists (3,250,000)) is paid. 38,250,000 will be Final 
Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: A succession event occurs in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. R1A 
and R1B). A second Credit Event (Failure To Pay) occurs in respect of R1A thereafter with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 90%.  
Following a successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the nominal principal 
equally between the successors, giving each a partial nominal amount of 17,500,000 (40,000,000 initial 
investment is reduced to 35,000,000 with the earlier M(M)R Restructuring on R1, leaving a balance of 
35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor). 
The Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) X Partial Nominal Amount 
(17,500,000)/Original Notional (40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000 and the Auction Redemption 
Amount (Applicable Portion (17,500,000) X Recovery (90%) would be 15,750,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
15,750,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other credit events occur, on Scheduled Maturity Date, the Aggregate Notional 
Outstanding (Original Investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (M(M)R 
Restructuring Applicable Portion of 5,000,000 + current Failure To Pay Applicable Portion 
(17,500,000)) is paid, being 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion of R1B Reference Entity). 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
Investment (40,000,000– Applicable Proportion ((M(M)R Restructuring Applicable Portion of 
5,000,000 + current Failure To Pay Applicable Portion (17,500,000) ) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (3,250,000 (M(M)R Restructuring + 15,750,000 (Failure To Pay)) is 
paid. 36,500,000 will be Final Auction Final Redemption Amount  
Scenario 4: In respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, a third Credit Event 
(Bankruptcy on R2 occurs.  
Assuming N is 3 where the 3rd Credit Event will trigger a loss and there is a basket of 2 names R1 and 
R2.  
The M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event on R1 and Failure to Pay Credit Event on R1A will not count.  
If the third Credit Event (Bankruptcy ) on R2 occurs with an assumed Auction Final Price of 65%: 
The Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) X 100% would be 40,000,000 and the 
Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Portion (40,000,000) X Recovery (65%)) would be 
26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(b) 
On Scheduled Maturity Date, the Aggregate Notional Outstanding (Original Investment 
(40,000,000 – sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) ) is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.

--- Page 379 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
379 
 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
Investment (40,000,000 – Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (40,000,000 since only 1 Auction Redemption Amount exists)) is paid. 
26,000,000 will be Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Note: The scenarios below assume that there are 4 equally weighted Reference Entities (25% each) 
resulting in a Reference Entity Notional Amount of 10,000,000 per Reference Entity. 
Scenario 1: An investor invests 40,000,000 and a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs on R1 Reference 
Entity with an assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
The Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) X Reference Entity Notional Amount 
(10,000,000/Original Notional (40,000,000)) would be 10,000,000 and the Auction Redemption Amount 
(Applicable Portion (10,000,000) X Recovery (65%)) payable would be 6,500,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
6,500,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other credit events occur, on Scheduled Maturity Date, the Aggregate Notional 
Outstanding (Original Investment (40,000,000) – Applicable Proportion (10,000,000)) is paid, 
being 30,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
Investment (40,000,000 – Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists (6,500,000)) is paid. 
36,500,000 will be Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: An investor invests 40,000,000 and Credit Event (M(M)R Restructuring occurs on 
Reference Entity R2 with an assumed Auction Final Price of 65% but there is only a partial 
exercise of 5,000,000. 
The 
Applicable 
Proportion 
(Specified 
Denomination 
(40,000,000) 
X 
Exercise 
Amount 
(5,000,000)/Original Notional (40,000,000) would be 5,000,000 and the Auction Redemption Amount 
(Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) X Recovery (65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other credit events occur, on Scheduled Maturity Date, the Aggregate Notional 
Outstanding (Original Investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 
Bankruptcy Applicable Portion earlier + 5,000,000 from current credit event)) is paid, being 
25,000,000 . 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Investment 
(40,000,000 – Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 from Bankruptcy Applicable Portion + 
5,000,000 from current credit event)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 
Bankruptcy Credit Event + 3,250,000 from current credit event) is paid. 34,750,000 will be 
Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 380 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
380 
 
Scenario 3: A succession event occurs in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. R2A 
and R2B). A third Credit Event (Failure To Pay) occurs in respect of R2A thereafter with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 90%.  
The Calculation Agent would adjust the reference entity notional amount (what remains after the M(MR 
Restructuring on R2 is 5,000,000, the unexercised portion) equally between the multiple successors, 
giving each a partial nominal amount of 2,500,000. 
The Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) X Partial Nominal Amount 
(2,500,000/Original Notional (40,000,000) would be 2,500,000 and the Auction Redemption Amount 
(Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) X Recovery (90%) would be 2,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
2,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other credit events occur, on Scheduled Maturity Date, the Aggregate Notional 
Outstanding (Original Investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (Bankruptcy 
Applicable Portion 10,000,000 + M(M)R Applicable Portion 5,000,000 plus Applicable 
Proportion current event 2,500,000)) is paid, being 22,500,000 (total Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts of unaffected Reference Entities R3, R4 and the unexercised portion of R2) 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the credit event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Investment 
(40,000,000 – Applicable Proportions (Bankruptcy Applicable Portion 10,000,000 + M(M)R 
Applicable Portion 5,000,000 plus Applicable Proportion current event 2,500,000)) + Sum of 
all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 + 3,250,000 + 2,250,000)) is paid. 38,000,000 
will be Auction Final Redemption Amount  
(iii) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes  
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the scenarios below assume that no credit events 
occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant index at trade date. If such credit 
events have occurred, the incurred loss amounts and incurred recoveries in respect of such Reference 
Entities (being the Settled Entities) would need to be factored in while calculating the aggregate losses 
and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be reduced by 
the settled entity incurred loss and settled entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date. 
Scenario 1: An investor invests 10,000,000 in 0-5% Tranche and there are 100 equally weighted 
Reference Entities. If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies: 
 
100 equally weighted 
Reference Entities 
Reference Entity 
Weighting(RW): 1/100 
X 1% = 1% 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount:2,000,000 
Implicit Portfolio Size 
10,000,000/ 
Tranche 
Size 
10,000,000/5% 
= 200,000,000 
Loss 
Threshold 
(Implicit Portfolio Size 
X Attachment Point) 
200,000,000 X 0% =0 
Recovery 
Threshold 
(Implicit Portfolio Size 
X 
100% 
Minus 
Detachment Point 
200,000,000 X 95% = 
190,000,000 
 
The table above shows the relevant calculations for:  
 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount with respect to each entity and the Reference Entity 
Weighting (RW).

--- Page 381 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
381 
 
 
the calculation of the Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) based on a Tranche Size of 5% 
(being the Detachment Point 5% Minus the Attachment Point 0% ) 
 
the calculation of the Loss Threshold Amount where the attachment point is zero %, being 0 
 
the calculation of the Recovery Threshold Amount where the detachment point is 5%, being 
190,000,000 
Assuming that the first credit event occurs with a recovery of 65% (Loss 35%) 
The Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of the following: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount;  
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Less Loss Threshold Amount (Subject to Min Zero); and  
(c) 
the Notional Outstanding (before current default reduction).  
In this case with respect to incurred losses: 
(a) 
Loss Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 200,000,000 X RW (1%) 
X Loss (35%) = 700,000. 
(b) 
Given this is the first credit event, the aggregate loss for (b) would be only 700,000 after 
deducting the loss threshold amount of 0.   
(c) 
Given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any reduction for this 
event would be the original investment of 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 700,000, constituting 
the incurred Loss Amount 
The Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of the following: 
(a) 
Recovery Amount;  
(b) 
Aggregate Recovery Amount Less Recovery Threshold Amount (Subject to Min Zero); and  
(c) 
Notional Outstanding (before current default reduction).  
In this case with respect to incurred recovery: 
(a) 
Recovery Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 200,000,000 X RW 
(1%) X Recovery (65%) = 1,300,000 
(b) 
Given no previous recoveries, the aggregate recovery would be 1,300,000. If we deducted the 
recovery threshold amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a negative 
number and (b) would result in a calculation of 0.  
(c) 
With respect to (c) , given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any 
reduction for this event would be the original investment of 10,000,000 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 0.  
Result 
On this basis, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (Principal Writedown 
Amount) 1 BD following the Event Determination Date (EDD). No redemption amounts are payable to 
the noteholder given that there have been no recoveries.  
If we then assume that 5 Credit Events with Recovery of 0% (Loss of 100%) subsequently occur, 
with each having the same Event Determination Date then as above:

--- Page 382 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
382 
 
In this case with respect to incurred losses: 
(a) 
Loss Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 200,000,000 X RW (5%, 
given 5 entities ) X Loss (100%) = 10,000,000 
(b) 
the aggregate loss would now be the accumulation of the previous loss of 700,000 and the 
current loss10,000,000 less the loss threshold amount of 0, which would result in a calculation 
of 10,700,000.  
(c) 
With respect to (c), given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any 
reduction for these events would be 9,300,000 given the previous principal writedown of 
700,000 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 9,300,000 constituting 
the Incurred Loss Amounts 
In this case with respect to incurred recovery: 
(a) 
Recovery Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 200,000,000 X RW 
(5%, given 5 names) X Recovery (0%) = 0 
(b) 
the aggregate recovery would be 1,300,000 from the previous recovery and accumulated with 
the current recovery of 0 less the recovery threshold amount of 190,000,000 (this would be 
floored at zero given it is a negative number) and (b) would result in a calculation of 0.  
(c) 
with respect to (c), given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any 
reduction for this event would be 9,300,000 given the previous principal writedown of 700,000\ 
Based on the above, the lowest of Paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 0.  
Result 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by a further 9,300,000 (Principal Writedown 
Amount) 1 BD following the Event Determination Date.  
Notional Tranche invested completely wiped out as Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount now is 0 
(10,000,000-700,000 -9,300,000).  
Scenario 2: An investor invests 10,000,000 in 80-100% Tranche and there are 100 equally weighted 
Reference Entities. 
 
100 equally weighted 
Reference Entities  
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting(RW): 1/100 
X 1% = 1% 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount:500,000 
Implicit Portfolio Size 
10,000,000/ 
Tranche 
Size 
10,000,000/20% 
= 50,000,000 
Loss Threshold 
(Implicit Portfolio 
Size X Attachment 
Point) 
50,000,000 X 80% 
=40,000,000 
Recovery 
Threshold 
(Implicit Portfolio Size 
X 100% - Detachment 
Point 
50,000,000 X 0% = 0 
 
The table above shows the relevant calculations for: 
 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount with respect to each entity and the Reference Entity 
Weighting (RW).  
 
the calculation of the Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) based on a Tranche Size of 20% 
(being the Detachment Point 100% Minus the Attachment Point 80%)

--- Page 383 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
383 
 
 
the calculation of the Loss Threshold Amount where the attachment point is 80%, being 
40,000,000 
 
the calculation of the Recovery Threshold Amount where the detachment point is 100%, being 
0% 
Assuming that the first credit event occurs with a recovery of 65% (Loss 35%) 
The Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of the: 
(a) 
Loss Amount;  
(b) 
Aggregate Loss Less Loss Threshold Amount (Subject to Min Zero); and  
(c) 
Notional Outstanding (before current default reduction).  
In this case with respect to incurred losses: 
(a) 
Loss Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 50,000,000 X RW (1%) 
X Loss (35%) = 175,000 
(b) 
given this is the first credit event, the aggregate loss for (b) would be 175,000 less the loss 
threshold amount of 40,000,000 resulting in a negative number which would be floored at zero.   
(c) 
given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any reduction for this 
event would be the original investment of 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) abaove would be 0 constituting the 
incurred loss amount 
The Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of: 
(a) 
Recovery Amount;  
(b) 
Aggregate Recovery Amount Less Recovery Threshold Amount (Subject to Min Zero); and  
(c) 
Notional Outstanding (before current default reduction).  
In this case with respect to incurred recovery: 
(a) 
Recovery Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 50,000,000 X RW 
(1%) X Recovery (65%) = 325,000 
(b) 
Given no previous recoveries, the aggregate recovery would be 325,000. If we deducted the 
recovery threshold amount of 0, (b) would result in a calculation of 325,000.  
(c) 
With respect to (c) , given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any 
reduction for this event would be the original investment of 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 325,000  
Result 
On this basis, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (Principal Writedown 
Amount) 1 BD following the Event Determination Date (EDD). Given this relates to recovery, a 
redemption amount would be payable to the noteholder.   
Interest ceases to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount.  
If we assume that 90 Credit Events with Recovery of 10% occurs (Loss 90%) occurs subsequently 
occurs, with each having the same Event Determination Date then as above:

--- Page 384 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part A 
 
384 
 
In this case with respect to incurred losses: 
(a) 
Loss Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 50,000,000 X RW (90%, 
given 90 entities ) X Loss (90%) = 40,500,000 
(b) 
the aggregate loss would be 40,500,000 (current loss) + 175,000 (previous loss) less the loss 
threshold amount of 40,000,000, which would result in a calculation of 675,000.  
(c) 
With respect to (c), given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any 
reduction for these events would be 9,675,000 given the previous principal writedown of 
325,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 675,000 
In this case with respect to incurred recovery: 
(a) 
Recovery Amount would be calculated based on the Implicit Portfolio Size 50,000,000 X RW 
(90%, given 90 names) X Recovery (10%) = 4,500,000. 
(b) 
the aggregate recovery would be 4,500,000 plus 325,000 from the previous recovery less the 
recovery threshold amount of 0 and (b) would result in a calculation of 4,825,000.  
(c) 
with respect to (c), given the investor invested 10,000,000, the notional outstanding before any 
reduction for this event would be 9,675,000 given the previous principal writedown of 325,000 
Based on the above, the lowest of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above would be 4,500,000  
Result 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by a further 5,175,000 (Total Principal 
Writedown Amount of the incurred loss of 675,000 and incurred recovery of 4,500,000) 1 BD following 
the Event Determination Date. Given an incurred recovery, and assuming "Credit Payment following 
Credit Event" applies, the investor receives an Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount, equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the sum of 
the aggregate Principal Writedown Amounts. Assuming "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, and that 
there are no further credit events until maturity, an Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 4,500,000 
is paid to the investor at maturity (10,000,000-325,000-5,175,000).

--- Page 385 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
385 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 (CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS) ) 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Conditions sets out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The following are the conditions (the "Credit Linked Conditions") that will apply to the Notes if the 
relevant Issue Terms indicate that "Credit Linked Notes" are applicable (the "Credit Linked Notes"). 
These Credit Linked Conditions apply as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Issue 
Terms. In the case of any inconsistency between these Credit Linked Conditions on the one hand and the 
General Conditions and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule on the other, these Credit Linked 
Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and 
italicised shall not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Credit Linked Conditions, General Conditions and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Credit Linked Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions and/or the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Issue Terms. References in these Credit Linked Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the 
Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. In respect of Credit Linked Notes which specify more than one Reference 
Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference 
Entity" shall be construed to refer to "a Reference Entity" or the "relevant Reference Entity" in respect 
of which the relevant determination is made at any relevant time and all related provisions and 
determinations will be construed accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall 
be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are also Credit 
Linked Principal Notes, the Issuer will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or 
in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 386 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
386 
 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
writedown such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
writedown such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and 
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), 21 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 22 (Successor Provisions) or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), as 
applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
15 (Auction Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 (Physical Redemption 
Terms) or 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged in full.  
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Noteholders may 
receive less than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be 
zero). Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant 
Risk Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to a General Conditions Early Redemption (as defined below);  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 19 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the General 
Conditions, Valuation and Settlement Schedule or Credit Linked Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the

--- Page 387 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
387 
 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent 
that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and 
the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to Noteholders will be 
determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
only. 
For the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, a "General Conditions Early 
Redemption" occurs where Notes are redeemed early pursuant to General Condition 5(b)(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), General Condition 5(b)(ii) (Redemption for Illegality), 
General Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), General Condition 5(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes), General Condition 9 (Events of Default), or 
following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, an Additional Early Redemption Event, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or a Realisation Disruption Event (as each such term is defined 
in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule). 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes  
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and provided that 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, interest 
(if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule (as completed by the relevant Issue Terms) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date in the relevant Issue Terms shall be payable in 
the Settlement Currency on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, the payment of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked 
Interest Notes only, Contingent Interest), if any in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each 
relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked Note) or the payment of 
the LA Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked 
Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 
7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) or 9 (Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes), as applicable, will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 388 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
388 
 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the relevant Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable.  
In such case: 
(x) 
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access 
Credit Linked Note), interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes 
only, Contingent Interest) shall accrue on the Applicable Proportion of such 
Credit Linked Note: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date, or, (where there 
is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y) 
in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest 
Amount corresponding to the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be payable 
if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date were to occur: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or, (where 
there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit 
Event or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment 
of Suspended Interest and Reduction of Future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) and 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or 
prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been 
published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders,  
the payment of any interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, Contingent 
Interest) in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest Amount, as applicable, 
will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date on or immediately preceding the Relevant

--- Page 389 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
389 
 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, or, where 
there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date, notwithstanding 
that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, has not then occurred, provided that, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, if the Calculation Agent determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the 
relevant Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected 
by the potential Risk Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest 
Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on their 
Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R Restructuring 
and (z) irrespective of the Credit Event Redemption Method or Risk Event Redemption Method, 
as applicable, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero per 
cent. will apply and in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 
6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 
(Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of any 
interest or Contingent Interest, as applicable, on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note (which is unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable) and any Non-Contingent Interest, in each case if applicable, will be payable to 
Noteholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination 
by the Calculation Agent  
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
(A) 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
(B) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC 
Secretary announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will not be convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or  
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days 
following (I) in the case of sub-paragraph (i)(A) above, the relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no 
longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable) or the LA-Cut-off Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (or, in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, 
Contingent Interest) shall continue to be suspended until a relevant announcement by the

--- Page 390 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
390 
 
DC Secretary described above occur, the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date as applicable can 
occur or an LA Cut-Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, Noteholders may not receive 
any interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for any 
such non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and Reduction of Future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater 
than the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration 
the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant 
Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA 
Interest Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant 
Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA 
Interest Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the 
interest amount actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been 
suspended (the absolute value of such amount, the "Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount") from future payments of Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that if there is an outstanding Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked Notes are being 
redeemed or written down in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such 
interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to Noteholders at such time, or 
where Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption applies, Delivery of the 
relevant assets shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Noteholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at 
the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether "No Interest 
Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and including) the first

--- Page 391 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
391 
 
Business Day immediately following the (x) Relevant Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) and including in the case of paragraph (iii) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full,  
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 shall not apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only (subject 
to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is 
not an M(M)R Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions) is applicable).

--- Page 392 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
392 
 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes 
For Credit Linked Principal Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(B) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) 
the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date 
corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(C) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue 
on the Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual 
of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes 
For Credit Linked Interest Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General 
Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(A) 
any Contingent Interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); and 
(B) 
(x) any Non-Contingent Interest will continue to be payable on the Single 
Name Credit Linked Note and (y) any Contingent Interest will continue to 
accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in each case in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to 
(but excluding) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
(y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full. 
(iii) 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
Regardless of whether the Notes are Credit Linked Principal Notes or Credit Linked 
Interest Notes, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms 
by reference to an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be 
the date which would have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due 
to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest (or a portion thereof) has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event).

--- Page 393 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
393 
 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Principal Notes: 
(A) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, no later than 10 Business 
Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(B) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable; or 
(D) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes: 
(A) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(B) 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Principal Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Principal Notes only. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions, and 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms).

--- Page 394 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
394 
 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption 
Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of 
any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or 
any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms).

--- Page 395 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
395 
 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
No redemption of Credit Linked Interest Notes following a Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition will apply to Credit Linked Interest Notes only. 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date and notwithstanding that: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note has been 
determined for the sole purpose of calculating the amount of interest that has ceased to 
accrue in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(d)(ii) (Credit Linked Interest 
Notes); and  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Redemption Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will remain outstanding in full until the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, whereupon each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 1(a) (Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event has occurred) and the occurrence of 
such Relevant Credit Event shall be disregarded. For the avoidance of doubt, Credit Linked 
Conditions 14(b) (Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise), 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) and 18 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) will not apply to such Credit Linked Notes. 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. All 
Reference Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; 
however, redemption is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference

--- Page 396 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
396 
 
Entity (and such Credit Event in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit 
Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit 
Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest 
at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event,

--- Page 397 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
397 
 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, no later than 10 Business Days following the first 
Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions and 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the 
"Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption 
Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
(if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note

--- Page 398 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
398 
 
on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption 
Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date 
at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
(if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Physical 
Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Noteholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 399 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
399 
 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. If a 
Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference 
Entity(ies) in the basket), such Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to 
reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, 
Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion 
to its respective weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket

--- Page 400 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
400 
 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event 
is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or

--- Page 401 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
401 
 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, no later than 10 Business Days following the first 
Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions, and 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at 
the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as 
the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13

--- Page 402 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
402 
 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption 
Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of 
any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or 
any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction

--- Page 403 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
403 
 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX index®). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity and accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in 
the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched 
Partial Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant 
Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs 
pursuant to application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur

--- Page 404 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
404 
 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in 
full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions, and 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
"Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date

--- Page 405 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
405 
 
at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at 
the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms).

--- Page 406 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
406 
 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from the application of Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 
24(a) (Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 
24(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference 
Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, 
unless a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC 
Rules requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened 
to Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference 
Entity, as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in 
such Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered. 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a "Restructured Entity"), from 
(and including) the calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the relevant Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms: 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the 
Index Annex; and 
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured 
Entity will not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
referencing the Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit 
Event Announcement, except that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) 
shall not apply (such new Credit Linked Notes, the "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes") and if exercised, the Applicable Proportion of each New Single Name Credit 
Linked Note will redeem in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing 
solely the Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit 
Event Announcement and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the Reference Entity Notional Amount

--- Page 407 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
407 
 
with respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to the DC Credit Event 
Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all 
purposes as Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be 
either an iTraxx® or CDX® index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in 
respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Noteholders following the Relevant 
Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following a Credit 
Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may be also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event);

--- Page 408 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
408 
 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and there is an Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest 
amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; 
and  
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), no later than 10 Business Days following the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination 
Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or

--- Page 409 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
409 
 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions, and 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash 
Redemption Terms).

--- Page 410 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
410 
 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding 
portion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from the application of Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 
24(a) (Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 
24(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference 
Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, 
unless a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC 
Rules requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened 
to Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference 
Entity, as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in 
such Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered.

--- Page 411 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
411 
 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount 
in respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Noteholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount or any Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the 
Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, that the Portfolio

--- Page 412 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
412 
 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the 
purposes of determining the interest amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in 
full; and 
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), no later than 10 Business Days following the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination 
Date, as applicable; or  
(y) 
otherwise, no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions, and

--- Page 413 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
413 
 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the

--- Page 414 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
414 
 
Issuer shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the 
outstanding portion of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity alone where 
such Reference Entity is a sovereign reference entity of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, 
in addition to the credit risk of such Reference Entity, Noteholders are also exposed to additional 
risks associated with such local access jurisdictions. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Local Access Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs 
pursuant to application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest

--- Page 415 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
415 
 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule will not be applicable 
to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the Interest Payment Date of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected by the potential 
Risk Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount 
will be payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked Note is 
not reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any apportioned amount 
following any multiple successor determination or other adjustment deemed necessary 
to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked Conditions as determined by the  
Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access Credit Linked Note  to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding 
to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of (y) and (z) interest shall 
be payable if and only if the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred on or prior 
to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that interest shall be 
payable if and only if the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that interest shall be payable if and only if the relevant Interest 
Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date;

--- Page 416 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
416 
 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, provided that interest 
shall be payable if and only if the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if and only if the relevant 
Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early Redemptions, and 
unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event)), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk 
Event Redemption Method, the "LA Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or 
the "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the 
Risk Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Credit Linked 
Note on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the LA Settlement Assets 
by the LA Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of each Local

--- Page 417 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
417 
 
Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(k) (LA Physical 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following 
Risk Event" occurs) or the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the LA 
Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery Amount, as further 
set out in the definition of LA Cash Redemption Amount in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local 
Access Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per 
cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the 
Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their principal and no liability 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Noteholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered 
to the Noteholders, shall be reduced, which such amount shall be in the currency of 
such payment or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down to the nearest 
denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), as the case may be, and equal to each 
Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest

--- Page 418 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
418 
 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Noteholder(s) shall be reduced by an amount 
that in aggregate is equal in value to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
such Interest Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior 
to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and 
(ii) an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed in full, 
that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of principal 
(howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, then any 
payment(s) of principal due to the Noteholder(s) (including any Early Redemption Amount, 
Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA Settlement 
Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest denomination of the 
LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to each 
Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
upon the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event, the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in 
RMB under the terms of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall, at the election of the Issuer 
be (a) postponed to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the Underlying RMB 
Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be 
commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter or (b) be replaced by 
an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency converted using the RMB 
Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date (such date of payment by the Issuer, the 
"RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date"). 
The Issuer shall, as soon as practicable after the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency 
Event, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the foregoing event and giving details thereof.  
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Noteholders should note that paragraphs (a) and (b) below of this Credit Linked 
Condition are specific to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which a Credit Event Notice is 
relevant and will therefore not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event Determination 
Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such 
notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
not required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
or writedown, as applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the 
same information required to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice

--- Page 419 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
419 
 
of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), 
forward them to the Fiscal Agent for delivery to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Fiscal Agent and each Noteholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or with respect 
to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice or 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
11. 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 11(b) (Payment 
timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Credit Event Notice" or "Risk Event Notice" and Credit 
Linked Condition 11(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is 
the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
12. 
Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) 
not to have occurred, or (iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(i) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in 
accordance with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not 
occurred; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, 
that is payable to Noteholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the 
amount previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the 
date on which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the 
Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest, if any, 
shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment,

--- Page 420 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
420 
 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as practicable 
thereafter without the consent of Noteholders being required to make the above adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in 
respect of more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined 
chronologically in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity(ies): 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same 
day, the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question will be deemed to have 
satisfied this condition first) (a "DC-determined EDD"); or 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable (provided 
that if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, 
are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order determined by the Calculation 
Agent) (a "Notice-determined EDD"), 
provided that: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined EDD, 
the DC-determined EDD will govern;  
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-determined 
EDDs occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be deemed to have 
occurred prior to any such Notice-determined EDD, notwithstanding the exact time of 
the occurrence of such events on such day; and 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
following a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and related 
Relevant Event Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred under Credit 
Linked Condition 12(b)(i) instead of Credit Linked Condition 12(b)(ii).  
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(a) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(i) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable 
(including, without limitation, where a DC Credit Event Question has been 
submitted but the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced a DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal, declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or 
resolved whether or not to convene to resolve any issue); 
(ii) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 421 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
421 
 
(iii) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms;  
(b) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurring; 
(c) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date but during 
the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date occurring; 
(d) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event, as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in relation to any 
Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable); 
(e) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may occur after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(f) 
a RMB Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Noteholders and 
the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 13 apply, such 
amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest 
or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Noteholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition does not apply to Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition, the definitions of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" and "Reference Entity Notional Amount" shall be construed in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) 
where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being 
identified is to be applied.  
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple 
Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders), each such Credit 
Event Notice specifying either (i) the amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent which may: 
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity,

--- Page 422 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
422 
 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the "Exercise Amount"), provided that if 
the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in 
respect of the Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice,  
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an 
Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity, in each case, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies 
an Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes,  is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than the Affected Reference Entity's Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or 
writedown of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for 
the purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the 
Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Noteholders or, in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and 
corresponding Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable. In such circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or 
relevant Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked 
Condition 14, including the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, the Principal Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be 
Delivered to Noteholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Noteholders or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity shall (in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to 
the Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate 
of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced accordingly). The Credit 
Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding

--- Page 423 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
423 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 4 
(Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the Calculation Agent may 
thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, no further Credit Event 
Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) in the case 
of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note 
or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice 
in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate (as defined 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), such Global Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to 
reflect such part redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency 
(or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 15(a) or

--- Page 424 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
424 
 
sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) under the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held 
in accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs;  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business 
Days after such Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if Physical 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option  
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer (who will then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for 
onward delivery to the Noteholders) at any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off 
Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction Redemption Date(or, if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction Redemption Amount on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such redemption and/or writedown of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final Price determined by 
reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "Applicable Auction", 
"Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date" and "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" shall be deemed to be references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" and the terms of these 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Auction Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount (calculated for the purpose of determining the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(if any), as applicable), as applicable), shall be determined using such Auction Final Price.

--- Page 425 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
425 
 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity. 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligation to be valued.  
(ii) 
If: 
(I) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(III) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, 
based on the then current market practice in the market of the Valuation 
Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation 
Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if 
applicable, the amount thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the "Final Price Determination Date"), provide the Issuer a Cash Redemption Amount Notice. 
The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than 
five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is

--- Page 426 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
426 
 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and 
such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, 
to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, equal to zero. 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice 
to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal 
Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Cash 
Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation 
Date. 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of the General Conditions 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule governing General Conditions Early 
Redemptions, and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if 
(a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or (b) Physical Redemption is applicable as the Fallback 
Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 17 following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 17, be redeemed by, in respect of each 
Noteholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Noteholder) of the Physical 
Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), and (ii) 
payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) or any Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
17(j) (Asset Package Delivery), pursuant to which the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully 
and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the 
later of (i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the

--- Page 427 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
427 
 
Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 17: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of 
Physical Settlement to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable and, in any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption 
Date. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in 
part, the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the Issuer shall 
provide such notice to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 
3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective 
delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Noteholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the 
Credit Linked Notes which is the subject of the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without 
limitation, (a) the name, address and/or details of the relevant 
Noteholder's 
(or 
the 
Noteholder's 
designee's) 
account 
at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the 
"Relevant Clearing System"), to be debited with such Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, agent or designee of the 
Noteholder to whom documents evidencing the transfer of Physical 
Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) irrevocably instructing 
and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the relevant 
Noteholder's account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to 
be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery 
Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any) shall be deducted from the Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by 
a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (as defined in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement), that the beneficial owner of each such 
Credit Linked Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is not being redeemed

--- Page 428 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
428 
 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, 
notes or other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), that the 
beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked Note is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement; 
(VII) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the 
definitive Credit Linked Notes;  
(VIII) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder's holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any 
transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Noteholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such 
relevant Noteholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only 
person entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as 
such (ii) the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are 
the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in 
respect of each Noteholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details 
specified in the applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 17(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the Issuer 
or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the legal holder of the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets. None of the Issuer nor 
any such other person will (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Noteholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or 
payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that other person in its capacity as legal holder of 
such Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any 
or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Physical Redemption Assets, (iii) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any other person 
in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder or other person may sustain or suffer

--- Page 429 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
429 
 
as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal holder 
of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, or (iv) have any 
liability whatsoever to any Noteholder or any other person if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event or for any other reason whatsoever (including without limitation Credit Linked 
Conditions 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge 
Disruption Obligation) to 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered)) or 
Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iv) (Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect Delivery of 
any Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the obligations 
hereunder shall be satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) 
or shall cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that 
would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, the 
Issuer will Deliver and such Noteholder will only be entitled to receive such portion of the 
Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of 
transfer and application of rounding to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the 
nearest unit of transfer, in its sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
not so delivered shall be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the 
Noteholders in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of 
Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Noteholders Deliverable 
Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable 
(or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less 
than, that which each Noteholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of 
Physical Redemption Assets. 
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 17(c); or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be 
Delivered due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any 
Applicable Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations under its Hedge Positions (such obligations which 
cannot be Delivered, a "Hedge Disruption Obligation"), 
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation 
Agent may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the 
trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Noteholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash 
redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each Noteholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share

--- Page 430 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
430 
 
of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge Disruption 
Obligations) shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the 
application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Noteholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), 
then on or before such date (i) the Issuer shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery 
of any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to such 
impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver and the 
Noteholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as applicable which were not delivered on the Delivery 
Date. The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are 
subsequently Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event. If following the 
occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable Obligations that 
are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the partial cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash 
Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be 
Delivered (the "Undeliverable Obligations"). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of 
any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being 
assigned or novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents 
are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; 
and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the relevant Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is 
not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
"Undeliverable Loan Obligations"). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans

--- Page 431 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
431 
 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
 "Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the relevant Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is 
not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the "Unassignable 
Obligations"). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the "Undeliverable 
Participations"). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans 
(other than any Loan which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or (ii) 
forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends 
to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date (the "Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date"), sub-paragraph (ii) 
of this Credit Linked Condition 17(h) shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligation 
Only" has been specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (B) in the case of a Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of 
Consent Required Loans" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
(in which case Credit Linked Condition 17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent 
Required Loans) shall apply), (C) in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash 
Redemption of Assignable Loans" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial 
Cash Redemption of Participation" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event 
described in Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality) (in which case Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at 
any time after the 15th Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start 
Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan 
and after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any

--- Page 432 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
432 
 
alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer 
or any Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the 
Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent 
Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation 
(and such instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which 
will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical 
Redemption Date), such instrument may be further delivered by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders without the consent of any person being required. In the event that the 
Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in lieu of all 
or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the 
fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer shall pay Noteholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation") the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets 
which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 20(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver 
alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered), 17(j)(iv) (Asset Package 
Delivery) or 17(j)(iv) (Asset Package Delivery) (each, an "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation"), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption 
Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date (each as 
determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 17(i)); 
(ii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Amount" means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, 
representing in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the greater of (A) (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable 
Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation (or in the case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with 
respect to such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), 
minus (III) Unwind Costs, if any and (B) zero;

--- Page 433 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
433 
 
(iii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Date" and "Fallback Cash Redemption Date" means the 
date as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 
Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
"Fallback Cash Redemption Amount" has the same meaning as set out in "Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount", provided that each reference therein to "Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(v) 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
"Valuation Date" means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
"Valuation Method" means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained, Market Value; 
(viii) 
"Quotation Method" means Bid; 
(ix) 
"Quotation Amount" means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if 
no such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall be 
as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or 
such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at 
such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
an Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one 
of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations 
shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a

--- Page 434 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
434 
 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) 
to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" below; 
(xii) 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of 
either (a) if the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference 
Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
or (b) if the Reference Obligation is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, with 
respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to 
each Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation 
Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable 
Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations 
shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then "Asset Package Delivery" will apply 
unless (A) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop 
Date determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or 
DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
"Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" 
in the relevant Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been 
published by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, (B) the definition of "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each 
Asset in the Asset Package, provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the 
Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond

--- Page 435 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
435 
 
shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date 
on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of the 
Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement", (D) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each 
Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (E) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed 
to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value, converted if necessary into 
the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate 
of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 17(j), 
the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package (such 
assets, the "Non-Deliverable Asset Package") as Physical Redemption Assets to pay 
to the Noteholders the Asset Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package, 
converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes 
at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith (such cash payment the "Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount"). Payment 
of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall be made on or before the tenth 
Business Day following determination of the Asset Market Value of the Non-
Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be deemed to be the 
Physical Redemption Date.  
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash 
Redemption to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) with respect to the Asset Package and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata  amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its payment obligation with 
respect to the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such purpose, the related 
Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the 
purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption 
Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date shall be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to 
apply. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into 
account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the Issuer and having on both 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise 
satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the 
Physical Redemption Date). If Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable 
Obligation in lieu of the same is not completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant 
to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset 
Package which has not been Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata  amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. 
(v) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the

--- Page 436 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
436 
 
Issuer shall pay the Noteholder the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date. 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice  
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall 
thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Physical Redemption Date, deliver 
the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
26 (Notices). In order for the Local Access Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 17(k), the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(a)(ii) (Physical Redemption Terms) shall also apply to Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes save that the words "Physical Redemption Assets", "Credit Event" 
and "Credit Event Notice" shall be construed as "LA Settlement Assets", "Risk Event" 
and "Risk Event Notice" accordingly. 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical 
Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed by: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Noteholder) of each Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes pro rata share of the principal amount of LA Settlement Assets 
of an amount equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount less Unwind Costs 
(rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement 
Assets), Delivery Expenses (if any) on or prior to the LA Physical Redemption Date; 
and (ii) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) (as set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) (Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note 
shall be fully and effectively discharged, provided that if in the determination of the 
Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impossible, illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, 
fiduciary or contractual) to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA 
Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholders, including 
circumstances in which a Market Disruption Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impracticable (whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not 
commercially reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all 
of the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held 
by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholders; and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Noteholders (including, without 
limitation, the Noteholders not having opened or notified the Issuer of its 
specified account, given any required certifications or as a result of limb (a) 
of the definition of Payment/Delivery Failure Event occurring), the Issuer is 
unable to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, for the delivery of some or 
all LA Settlement Assets,

--- Page 437 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
437 
 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption 
Date, then the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the 
Noteholders with respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such 
circumstances described in (A) , (B)  or (C) above (the "Undeliverable Assets") and 
the Issuer shall, in respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Local Access 
Credit Linked Note held by a Noteholder, pay to the specified account of that 
Noteholder on the LA Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount on the LA Valuation Date. 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall 
redeem or be written down in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
(specified in the relevant Issue Terms instead of the Final Price with respect to an 
Affected Reference Entity and the related Relevant Event Determination Date) and the 
Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall 
be determined using such Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the 
definitions of "Cash Redemption Amount" and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions);  
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is 
deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable 
Valuation Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their 
principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and redeem each 
Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Redemption Date at the Merger Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 438 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
438 
 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(a) shall not apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
has occurred (in which case, Credit Linked Condition 9(j) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB 
Currency Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, the obligation of the Issuer to pay the 
relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the Payment/Delivery Failure Event no 
longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, where the Noteholder requests the Issuer 
in writing to make payment of such amount to such other account or to such other person as the 
Noteholder specifies and represents to the Issuer that such payment to its designee will discharge 
the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholder in respect of such payment). Where such 
postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such postponement to the Noteholders 
("Payment Failure Event Notice") as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the "Payment Failure Cut-Off Date") 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Noteholder has not elected for 
payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with sub-
paragraph (c) above), no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's obligations 
to the Noteholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date.  
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(b) shall not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
(instead, Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) (Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Noteholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms and if such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or 
after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date

--- Page 439 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
439 
 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the "Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date"). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
20 will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of Events 
of Default) and will not entitle the relevant Noteholder to any additional interest or other 
payment as a result thereof. 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
Event Determination Date which are determined by the Calculation Agent to apply to 
the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to: 
(A) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Credit Linked Interest Notes), 
the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Physical Redemption 
Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation Date or a 
Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
in respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes only, the earlier of: 
(1) 
the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, redemption of 
the Credit Linked Notes in full or a Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
the date falling one calendar year from (and including) (x) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies) or 
(y) the Relevant Event Determination Date (if "Interest Accrual on 
Default" applies),  
a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions.  
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination Date may occur in respect of 
each Reference Entity referenced in the basket or Index, as applicable, provided that, 
other than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event Determination Date shall 
apply only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations

--- Page 440 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
440 
 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions.  
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, 
all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll 
and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, 
the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit 
Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall 
resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a "Redemption 
Suspension Notice") in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 21. 
22. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or 
following the earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution 
Request Date, not identified a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules. 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery 
of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event 
Notice or Successor Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the 
Succession Date, any Successor or Successors in accordance with the definition of "Successor",

--- Page 441 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
441 
 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of the 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages 
used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 
22(b), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in 
respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the 
determination of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor 
has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall, with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the 
order of such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such 
successions occurring in the order determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference 
Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with 
effect from the Succession Date unless it has also been identified as a Successor), provided that, 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) if the Successor is not an Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the Reference Entity Count will 
be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity (as defined 
below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a Successor to an 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally apply in the 
case of a single Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor 
or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of

--- Page 442 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
442 
 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(h) 
Multiple Successors 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such 
Reference Entity affected by a succession being a "Single Name Succession 
Reference Entity"), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation 
Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant 
calculation amounts equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Single Name Successor 
Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but instead the 
relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Single 
Name Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above (the "Single Name Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(II) 
for Credit Linked Principal Notes, such Credit Linked Notes shall, 
thereafter, be redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), 
(iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as 
applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata 
share of the Single Name Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall 
occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable)); and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor, considered 
in the aggregate);

--- Page 443 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
443 
 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(i) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity, an "Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity" and 
the Reference Entities unaffected by such succession or any previous successions, the 
"Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one Successor has 
been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an "Nth-to-Default 
Successor Entity") and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of 
the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to 
which a Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, result in the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in respect of an M(M)R 
where the Exercise Amount is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes); 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose 
of the Notes and the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the nominal amount 
represented by such Nth-to-Default Successor Entity only after the 
apportionment described above is effected (the "Nth-to-Default 
Partial Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or 
(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption, as applicable (such redeemed part 
being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Nth-to-Default 
Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).

--- Page 444 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
444 
 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor, considered 
in the aggregate); 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, 
subject to sub-paragraph (G) below, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
be specified only once, and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes;  
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a 
Successor to any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a 
succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the 
absence of a Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity is identical to that of the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity shall be equal to the 
sum of (x) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant 
succession (the "Surviving Reference Entity Count") and (y) the 
Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to Default Succession Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession (the "Legacy 
Reference Entity Count", and the Legacy Reference Entity Count 
and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the "Combined 
Prior Count"); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of 
the Nth-to Default Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion as at the Succession Date any outstanding 
nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts into two 
separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Legacy 
Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior 
Count, with the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference 
Entity having (a) a Transaction Type and Reference 
Obligation identical to the Nth-to Default Succession 
Reference Entity and (b) a Reference Entity Count equal to 
the Combined Prior Count; and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Surviving 
Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior 
Count, with the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference 
Entity having (a) a Transaction Type and Reference 
Obligation identical to the Nth-to Default Non-Succession 
Reference Entity and (ii) a Reference Entity Count equal to 
the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked

--- Page 445 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
445 
 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(ii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, a "Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity" and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the "Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, 
to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding 
principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Linear Basket Successor 
Entity"), and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will 
continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Linear 
Basket Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected (the "Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or 
(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption)), as applicable (such redeemed 
part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Linear Basket 
Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit 
Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for

--- Page 446 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
446 
 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession 
Date has previously occurred, an "Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity" 
and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous 
Succession Dates, the "Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities"), 
more than one Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Index Untranched 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Index Untranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index 
Untranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected (the "Index Untranched Partial Nominal 
Amount");  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a 
Noteholder's pro rata share of the Index Untranched Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies 
such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit

--- Page 447 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
447 
 
Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iv) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each, an 
"Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity" and the Reference Entities 
unaffected by such succession, the "Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities"), more than one Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, 
to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding 
principal amount, other relevant calculation amounts, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Index Tranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index 
Tranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected;  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).

--- Page 448 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
448 
 
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit 
Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment referred to 
above and (II) the Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such 
Successor as a result of the apportionment referred to above (and such change 
shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(v) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession 
Date has previously occurred, a "Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity" 
and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous 
Succession Dates, the "Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities"), 
more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit 
Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Portfolio Tranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above is effected;  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the

--- Page 449 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
449 
 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit 
Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vi) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, a "Local 
Access Succession Reference Entity"), more than one Successor has been identified 
by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Local Access Succession 
Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Local Access Successor 
Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date (and accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event) may occur in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 
(M(M)R Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of the Local Access Successor Entity after such 
Succession Date: 
(I) 
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the to the nominal amount represented by such 
Local Access Successor Entity only after the apportionment

--- Page 450 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
450 
 
described above is effected (the "Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount");  
(II) 
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 9(f)(i) (LA Cash 
Redemption), (ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) (LA Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being 
equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Local Access Partial 
Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final LA 
Cash Redemption Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, 
adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are redeeming early pursuant to a General 
Conditions Early Redemption, the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and "Mod R" 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then unless the 
Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies 
due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is 
used in this sub-paragraph shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur.

--- Page 451 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
451 
 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (B) 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by 
Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and 
Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
and (y) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date in each case, as of the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, for purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity 
date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date 
or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to 
an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in this sub-
paragraph shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or 
insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(ii) 
Where a Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is 
not received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to 
have been refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for onward notification to the Noteholder) of such 
refusal (or deemed refusal). If a Noteholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) 
designates a third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable 
law or regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to 
any tax or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Noteholder does not take Delivery on 
or prior to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 17(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under sub-paragraph (a) or (b)(i) of this Credit 
Linked Condition 23, the relevant final maturity date shall, subject to the definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation", be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the 
date on which such determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of 
"Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the 
event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are 
not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event (provided that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the 
Obligation is a Bond). In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this

--- Page 452 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
452 
 
definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
24. 
Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Standard Reference Obligation which is the obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
with the relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
(ii) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the 
time of the determination, such Obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such Obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC 
Resolution. In the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable, if there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference Obligation for 
such Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall select such obligation rather than 
identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) 
and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b). 
(ii) 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-
paragraph (iii)(B) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b)). If the event set forth in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available, such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference 
Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until 
any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 453 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
453 
 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such Obligation is 
available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) above of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b), 
the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference 
Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation 
has not been identified) notify the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of a Substitute Reference 
Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance

--- Page 454 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
454 
 
with sub-paragraph (iii) above of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) and the Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
immediately upon such notification. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to 
identify a suitable substitute, subject to sub-paragraph (i) above of this Credit Linked 
Condition 24(b) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-
paragraph (ii) above of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b), the Calculation Agent may 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the Noteholders stating the 
occurrence of such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which the Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than 
the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies and such Reference 
Obligation is the only Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation 
Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category, and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b)  or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required 
to be made under Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) including if there 
is a Steps Plan, making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from 
(and including) the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments) (B) any Reference Obligation is 
an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is 
no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in

--- Page 455 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
455 
 
accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) 
above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), making any modifications required pursuant to 
that Credit Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise 
Amount of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) 
determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is 
not available on the Next Currency Fixing Date; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) 
determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 12 (Event 
Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events); 
(xiv) 
determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation 
shall include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining 
accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xvi) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) 
determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) 
determining whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred where "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(xix) 
interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (xv) above of this Credit Linked Condition 25 notify the 
Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 25 are decided and/or determined 
by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such 
decision or determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any

--- Page 456 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
456 
 
Credit Linked Notes. In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow 
the decisions or determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations 
made by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the Noteholders, 
amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms in any 
manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or 
protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected 
in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 25 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 (Notices). 
26. 
Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any 
Global Registered Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.  
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Noteholders of 
the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 26, to the extent required to be 
delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
A Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
A Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
A Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
A Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has 
been identified); 
(v) 
If the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes provide for the basket or Index, as applicable, to be amended from time 
to time other than as a result of the identification of any Successor, details of any 
amendments to the basket or Index, as applicable; 
(vi) 
The designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such 
notice shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) 
the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Noteholders pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 26 shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
A notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(viii) 
A notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Conditions 12 (Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and 
Ordering of Events) or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event);

--- Page 457 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
457 
 
(ix) 
Following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject 
to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(x) 
Following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject 
to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms), the 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
A Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(xiii) 
A Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xiv) 
A Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26, any notice required to be delivered 
by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to have been delivered to Noteholders upon delivery of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders 
shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the effectiveness of any 
determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (in whole 
or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to writedown the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the 
relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of them to not 
deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, shall not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26, a notice delivered by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will 
be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London 
time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer 
Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 25 (Communications) and 26 (Notices) of the 
Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices delivered 
in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed 
as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such

--- Page 458 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
458 
 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Mod R" and sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Mod Mod R" to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation 
shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic.

--- Page 459 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
459 
 
28. 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not exist on, 
or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
29. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement" means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable. 
"Additional Risk Event" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, if specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the occurrence or existence, on or after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date, of: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event; and/or 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event. 
"Additional Risk Event Start Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Affected Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit 
Event has occurred (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, for Nth-to Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, only the nth Reference Entity can be an Affected Reference Entity). 
"Aggregate Default Count" means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
on the Issue Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased on each Event Determination Date 
by the Reference Entity Count (determined immediately prior to such Event Determination 
Date) of the related Reference Entity provided that if any Event Determination Date occurs at 
such time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there remains unresolved potential 
Credit Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring with respect 
to one or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference 
Entity it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not be effected until 
such time as the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event Determination 
Date could occur. 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such 
Credit Linked Notes; or

--- Page 460 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
460 
 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Credit 
Linked Notes. 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with 
respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled 
Entities. 
"Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all 
Settled Entities. 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant 
to a Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms  meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes  would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the 
designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such 
representative credit derivative transactions with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and 
any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any 
Hedge Positions the  Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such 
Credit Linked Notes).  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without 
limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered 
by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative 
credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event 
Determination Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms  meet 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to 
an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered 
by the auction would cover such representative credit derivative transactions with the same tenor 
as the Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with 
such auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedge Positions that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, 
as soon as practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement

--- Page 461 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
461 
 
Terms are published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms have been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit 
Event. Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made 
available by the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, 
Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation 
under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit 
event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any  
connected DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date) and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any 
Hedge Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the 
applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations 
or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable obligations(s) in 
question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution  and/or 
statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedge Position  that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Question" means a DC Credit Event Question which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question 
submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the 
obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution  and/or statement associated 
with such announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other 
things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution  and/or statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedge Position  
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes). 
"Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement" means a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) 
applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in 
question and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such 
announcement  and (b) any Hedge Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes).

--- Page 462 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
462 
 
"Applicable Principal Currency Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, expressed as 
the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
"Applicable Proportion" means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event (as applicable) and a Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
a. 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(x) 
in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note or a Local Access 
Credit Linked Note, 100 per cent.; or 
(y) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; or 
(I) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount 
specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant 
Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and 
Relevant Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution  and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedge Position  that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms.

--- Page 463 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
463 
 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, 
if "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Auction" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the 
administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its 
website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package 
which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a 
related Credit Event can be obtained at the auction administrator's website at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website.

--- Page 464 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
464 
 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
the Auction Final Price, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction Final Price, any Loss 
Amount, Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, and/or Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Bankruptcy" means the relevant Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger);

--- Page 465 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
465 
 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (g) above of this definition. 
"Capital Ratio" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk 
weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from 
time to time. 
"Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the Final Price or (y) where Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"Cash Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Cash Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the 
Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) 
the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
"Cash Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
"Certificate Balance" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case 
of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of 
unreimbursed principal investment. 
"CoCo Provision" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. For the

--- Page 466 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
466 
 
avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligation to Noteholders. 
"CoCo Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2014 CoCo Supplement to 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions", as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014, 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition, and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
"Contingent Interest" means, if "Contingent Interest" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest Amount in 
respect of which the payment is contingent upon the non-occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
published 
by 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to 
construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give 
effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to 
such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
"Credit Event" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following Credit Events as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to 
Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or 
indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon:

--- Page 467 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
467 
 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to 
enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the "Notice 
Delivery Date", if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period 
and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which the Calculation Agent has 
the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to either redeem or reduce the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in 
accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable 
Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and 
on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as 
applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 468 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
468 
 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice 
is effective. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash 
Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount or the LA Cash Redemption Amount.  
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date 
or the Final Cash Redemption Date; or  
(iii) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the Fallback Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date 
or the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the LA Cash Redemption 
Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date; or 
(iii) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, 
the LA Physical Redemption Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Method" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, 
Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question.

--- Page 469 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
469 
 
"Credit Event Writedown Date" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
"Credit Linked Interest Notes" means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Credit Linked Note" means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a 
Local Access Credit Linked Note.  
"Credit Linked Principal Notes" means a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes in 
respect of which "Credit Linked Principal" is specified as the type of credit linkage in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Credit Payment on Maturity Amount" means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash 
Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated on such day.  
"CRR" means Article 63 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice 
of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency 
in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time 
or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"CUSIP" means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
"Custodian" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including 
the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank or clearing house 
(or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a Reference Investor 
as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable.

--- Page 470 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
470 
 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a 
Reference Entity. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC-determined EDD" has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering of 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events). 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
"DC Resolution" means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by 
the DC Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the 
terms hereof. 
"DC Secretary" means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC 
Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of 
the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Noteholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any 
liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, 
without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit 
Event") or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable 
Underlying Obligor),

--- Page 471 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
471 
 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time provided further that the Issuer agrees and each Noteholder is deemed to agree to comply 
with the provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market 
advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve 
for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at 
that time, as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer further agrees and each Noteholder is deemed to agree that compliance by it with the 
provisions of any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, 
constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation 
contains provisions describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any 
Noteholder shall be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take, any 
action under Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 17(k) (LA Physical 
Redemption Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. Further, for purposes of this 
definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy, determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable Obligations" 
below; 
(i) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant 
Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(iii) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that 
the obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that

--- Page 472 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
472 
 
is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(A) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable 
Obligation shall be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described 
by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 27 (Interpretation of Obligation 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms). The following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
(I) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below, 
except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations, 
the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be amended to 
state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(II) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more 
of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
Assignable 
Loan, 
Consent 
Required 
Loan, 
Direct 
Loan 
Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer. 
(1) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under 
which the principal amount owed, whether by reason of 
maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and 
payable in full in accordance with the terms of such 
obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard 
to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency 
laws; 
(2) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent; 
(3) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(4) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of 
which, pursuant to a participation agreement, Issuer is 
capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides 
each such Noteholder with recourse to the participation 
seller for a specified share in any payments due under the

--- Page 473 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
473 
 
relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
such Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or 
any such Affiliate, as applicable, is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any 
lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate 
nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(5) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such period is 
specified, 30 years); 
(6) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, 
Clearstream International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system; and 
(7) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility 
for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as 
statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or 
around payment dates or voting periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation 
that is a "Bond or a Loan" that was issued or incurred, as 
the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation 
that is a "Bond" that was issued on or prior to 31 December 
2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation 
that is a "Bond" that was issued on or prior to 1 November 
2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Deliverable Obligation". 
"Deliverable Obligation Notice" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
17(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets).

--- Page 474 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
474 
 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
on which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance 
with the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising 
from the delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect 
of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall additionally include any transfer or similar fee 
reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and 
any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant 
Reference Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination 
or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other 
similar amounts) less (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in 
each case, if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of 
the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in 
accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the Delivery Date or (B) the 
Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Ecuador Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ecuador and 
to which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 5 March 2018, is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Effective Date" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution;

--- Page 475 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
475 
 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) above of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) above of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or 
(d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between 
two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent amounts in 
other currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Event Determination Date" means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 476 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
476 
 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for purposes 
of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, 
any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
"Exhaustion Point" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:  
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(iii) 
five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes only, five Business Days 
after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), 
where a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes 
Extension Date, the later to occur of:  
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date); or 
(ii) 
five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date under limbs (i) and (ii) of Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption 
Date, as applicable; 
(ii) 
five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(iii) 
five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable.

--- Page 477 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
477 
 
"Extension Date" means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the Grace Period 
Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance 
with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does 
not directly or indirectly result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the relevant Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to 
whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which 
purposes, the Calculation Agent may take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 
"Fallback Redemption Method" means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that for Credit Linked Interest Notes, there will 
be no Fallback Redemption Method. 
"Final Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Auction Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (A) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus

--- Page 478 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
478 
 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Cash Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (A) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final LA Cash Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the later to occur of (A) the last LA Cash Redemption Date in respect of the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. 
"Final List" means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the DC Rules. 
"Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 20(b)) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
"Final Price" means (a) the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method or (b) where the Valuation 
Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the entirety of the Asset Package 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method, expressed as a percentage of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in 
each case, determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(a) (Determination of 
Final Price). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the 
Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by 
reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding 
principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered to be variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery Percentage" means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount or for the Asset Package.

--- Page 479 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
479 
 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date and the date on which an effective Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, was delivered. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. 
"Funding Interest Rate" means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a non-resident of the Reference 
Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant Currency 
for value on the LA Value Date, provided that if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
"FX Rate Set Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the date selected 
by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for determining the FX Rate. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the relevant Reference Entity or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), 
(b) or (c) of this definition. 
For the purposes of "Underlying RMB Currency Event", the references above shall be construed 
as the relevant Governmental Authority relating to the jurisdiction where the RMB Settlement 
Currency is the lawful currency. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation:

--- Page 480 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
480 
 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if "CoCo Provision" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and if, with 
respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results 
in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (d) above of this definition. 
For purposes of sub-paragraph (a) above of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) below of this definition, the applicable grace 
period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period 
and the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 
30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to

--- Page 481 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
481 
 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant 
Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption 
Obligation). 
"Hellenic Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is the Hellenic Republic and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 29 May 2012, is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
"Inconvertibility Event" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, 
illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying 
the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the 
Settlement Currency through customary legal channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions 
on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to 
freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the 
LA Relevant Currency) from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the 
Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive 
the full value of any cash payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency) made under 
the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date 
by any Governmental Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual 
currency regime) or the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
"Index" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Annex" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published 
by the Index Publisher specified in the relevant Issue Terms and which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto. 
"Index Annex Date" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Publisher" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any 
replacement appointed by the Index Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant 
Index 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
the component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:

--- Page 482 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
482 
 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
(a) the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such 
Affected Reference Entity and such day); minus (b) the Loss Threshold Amount 
(subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Index Tranched Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Instrument Payments" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (A) in the 
case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return 
on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and 
(y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in 
the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) hereof (1) determined without regard to limited 
recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy).

--- Page 483 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
483 
 
"Insured Instrument", in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning 
given in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
"Insured Obligor", in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given 
in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
"Interest Tax Deduction Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the relevant Reference Investor 
Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any 
taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of 
whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of 
the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (or any successor 
organisation thereto). 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
"LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"LA Cash Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five 
Business Days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
where LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method but 
physical redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, five 
Business Days following the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date. 
"LA Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) 
the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has not occurred; and (ii) 
the date falling 30 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as applicable. 
"LA Interest Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Interest 
Amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For the purposes of General Condition 4 
(Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the LA Interest Amount shall constitute 
an Interest Amount. 
"LA Physical Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar days 
following the LA Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 484 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
484 
 
"LA Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
equal to the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the LA 
Valuation Date from the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of LA Physical Redemption, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of LA Cash Redemption, a nominal amount equal to the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference Entity, as 
such assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any 
securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been 
exchanged or converted from time to time), 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation. then the LA Recovery 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The applicable LA 
Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
"LA Relevant Currency" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the currency 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
"LA Settlement Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
"LA Valuation Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any Business 
Day selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA 
Cash Redemption Date. 
(b) 
if LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from 
(and including) the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash 
Redemption Date.  
"LA Value Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Date (if applicable), the LA Cash Redemption Date or the 
LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(d) (Partial Cash

--- Page 485 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
485 
 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality), 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating 
to Loans not Delivered) and 17(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty 
calendar days after the relevant Physical Redemption Date;  
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iii) (Asset Package 
Delivery), the date the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply; 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 17(e) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Consent Required Loans), 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans) and 17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date 
that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date. 
"LCY Reference Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
in the LA Relevant Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. 
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each 
occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
"Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
"Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
"Local Access Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders 
in respect of Reference Investor Assets held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction. 
"Local Access Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
"Local Access Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
"Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on any day equal to: 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or

--- Page 486 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
486 
 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed 
Recovery is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; 
and 
(B) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; 
and 
(B) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed 
Recovery is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
"Loss Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (ii) the Attachment Point. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition 
that has the effect of (a) the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, 
futures or other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; 
or (b) any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the 
principal clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor 
Assets. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date, 
(a) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, 
the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations 
are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations 
are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation", an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full 
Quotations are obtained; and (f) if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten 
Business Day period set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market 
Value shall be determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
"Maturity Redemption Amount" means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of:

--- Page 487 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
487 
 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to (x) the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (y) the 
LCY Reference Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Merger Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Monoline Insurer Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional 
Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by ISDA on 15 September 
2014, is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
"No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of 
Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked 
Notes and (b) any Hedge Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the 
Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if 
more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer

--- Page 488 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
488 
 
of credit protection where the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other 
date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any 
public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the 
Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of a buyer of 
protection). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 23(d) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that 
(a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC 
Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or 
(ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction 
Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being 
covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an Obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
"Non-Contingent Interest" means, if "Non-Contingent Interest" is specified as applicable in 
respect of Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to such proportion of the Interest 
Amount in respect of which the payment is not contingent upon the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event 
and a Series to which paragraph (a) of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event 
Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) above of this definition, if a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either:

--- Page 489 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
489 
 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified 
as applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the 
applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms; (II) the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and (III) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
 
(1) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is specified as applicable and Auction 
Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms; or 
(2) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is not specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and the relevant Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Noteholders and is effective on or prior to the Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders 
and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from, 
and including, the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to, and 
including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified as applicable and Auction Redemption is not 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC 
Credit Event Announcement on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified as applicable and the Trade Date occurs and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms; or

--- Page 490 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
490 
 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and is effective on a 
date that is later than the relevant Non-Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or 
prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity has occurred on 
or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, a 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date shall be 
deemed to have occurred only, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Credit Linked Notes with respect 
to the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if 
the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant 
Reference 
Entity 
to 
which 
the 
Event 
Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to 
which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R 
Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
(aa) 
unless 
the 
M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event 
Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) 
unless, and to the extent that, if the Credit Linked 
Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount 
specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise 
Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice 
was less than the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity or (cc) 
unless 
a 
representative 
credit 
derivative 
transaction economically equivalent to the Credit 
Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the

--- Page 491 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
491 
 
same Affected Reference Entity and (x) having 
identical deliverable obligation terms to one set of 
the Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and 
to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the case of M(M)R 
Restructuring,  having a scheduled termination 
date which falls within  the designated scheduled 
termination dates for the Applicable Auction and 
having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in 
each case,  assuming "Auction Redemption"  and 
a deemed occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date)would be a covered transaction for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the deliverable obligations 
set out on the Final List are identical to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable for 
such Series. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" 
does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date 
on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means each Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
"Notes Extension Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (a) the 
last day of any "Notice Delivery Period" (b) the last Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which could occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (c) the last

--- Page 492 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
492 
 
Relevant Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC 
Credit Event Announcement; (d) the last day of any Post Dismissal Additional Period; 
and (e) the last Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date, as applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
"Notice-determined EDD" has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering 
of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit 
Events). 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice 
and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in relevant 
Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, has been delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 15(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is 
dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to 
redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the relevant Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), 
Deliver to Noteholders (in aggregate) and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN 
number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such 
Deliverable Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the 
"Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation 
and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Noteholders (the "Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount"). The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in the manner specified 
above (each such notification, a "NOPS Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in 
whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is 
effective). A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each 
replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver to Noteholders (each, a 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable 
Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding 
Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater 
than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be

--- Page 493 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
493 
 
effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date (determined without reference to any 
change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed 
description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant 
Delivery Date and (y) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders of the description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer would Deliver to the 
Noteholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; it 
being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
"Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to the nth 
Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method, where "n" shall be the number specified in such Issue Terms. 
If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or 
greater than n, such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
"Obligation" means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a 
Qualifying Policy)), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and (b) the Reference Obligation, in each case, unless it is an Excluded 
Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an 
Obligation is each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the 
Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event 
Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and: 
(ii) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" 
Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note 
(other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt notes or other 
debt notes and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money;

--- Page 494 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
494 
 
(iii) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(iv) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a 
revolving credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid 
drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed 
money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of 
credit); 
(v) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" 
Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving 
loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(vi) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, without 
limitation, Borrowed Money; and 
(vii) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference 
Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only. 
(viii) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not 
Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(A) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated 
to (I) the Reference Obligation or (II) the "Prior Reference 
Obligation" if applicable; 
(B) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second 
Obligation") and another obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing 
that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding 
up of the relevant Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments 
in respect of their claims against the relevant Reference Entity at any 
time that the relevant Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will 
be construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (1) the 
existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of 
collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law 
shall be taken into account where the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign and (2) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of 
payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued 
or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or 
a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation 
and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority 
of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of 
selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such 
ranking in priority of payment after such date and further provided 
that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall

--- Page 495 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
495 
 
be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how 
the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, 
including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or 
unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(C) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there 
is no Reference Obligation applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, 
(II) the obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was 
redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference 
Entity; 
(ix) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that 
was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is 
of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(x) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to 
(A) a Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(xi) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any 
currency other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a 
Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(xii) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the 
applicable Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of 
the State of New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(xiii) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased 
and sold on an exchange; and 
(xiv) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that 
was issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any 
obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case 
may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is "Borrowed Money" 
that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was 
issued on or prior to 31 December 2009; or

--- Page 496 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
496 
 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Obligation". 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Original Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes be 
calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to reflect any Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is determined to exist on the 
Issue Date). 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means each obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in 
the relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
"Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are: 
(i) 
Credit Linked Principal Notes, an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit 
Linked Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events; or 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Interest Notes, an amount equal to the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount; 
(b) 
in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, 
as applicable; 
(c) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus

--- Page 497 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
497 
 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled 
Entity Incurred Loss Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue 
Date; minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date; and 
(d) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or 
prior to such date. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the 
definition of "Accrued Interest", the relevant Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee (or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)) will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) 
(determined as if references to the relevant Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor (or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) the amount of the 
Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount (in each case, if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, 
pursuant to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a 
Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) above of the 
definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" less any amounts subtracted in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount") (provided 
that, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured 
Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of 
specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the 
amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), provided that such provisions 
are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that 
would have been required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
(I) the Delivery Date, or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and

--- Page 498 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
498 
 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance": 
(a) 
"applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject; 
(b) 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be 
validly asserted against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent 
Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had 
otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided 
that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
(c) 
if "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the above, if (x) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an 
obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (c)(b) above, (ii) that 
obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal 
redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 95 per cent. of 
the principal repayment amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable 
on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the 
applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; 
and (II) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of 
the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount 
or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight 
line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
"Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall 
be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into 
account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the 
obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b)(B) above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying

--- Page 499 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
499 
 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction. 
"Ownership Restriction Event" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, 
impossible or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially 
delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or 
remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org  from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an "M(M)R 
Restructuring", any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an "Event Determination Date") 
which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms 
under consideration but would not be a covered transaction (due to the range of designated 
scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration or 
otherwise)  for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment/Delivery Failure Event" means, in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Noteholder to 
provide account details of its designee), or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due 
to an event beyond the control of such Noteholder), any cash amount (including, 
without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date 
intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not 
cured by the affected party; or  
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
"Payment Failure Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 20 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event).

--- Page 500 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
500 
 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable 
obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference 
Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity's obligations to be 
altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would 
constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Redemption Assets" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) the Physical Redemption Terms are 
applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such Deliverable 
Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) 
a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance equal to the Applicable Proportion or the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the Physical Redemption 
Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and the 
amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an Asset Package 
Credit Event has occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
which would otherwise have been included in the Physical Redemption Assets has been 
converted into an Asset Package, then references in this definition of "Physical Redemption 
Assets" to "Deliverable Obligations" shall be references to the resulting Asset Package and the

--- Page 501 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
501 
 
Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance 
as the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. The Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered 
will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine). 
"Physical Redemption Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the date of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before 
that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the "Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix" as 
most recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date or, in respect of Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Effective Date, as applicable 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org  (or any successor website). The Physical Settlement Matrix may be applicable 
to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption 
Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption) where "Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms" are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and one or more 
Transaction Type(s) are specified as applying to the relevant Reference Entity(ies) of such 
Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
21(d) (Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with 
then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine; provided that if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, has 
notified the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders), that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu 
of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period 
shall be 30 Business Days. 
"Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
a bespoke basket of two or more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
include the component Reference Entities of an index) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect 
of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity;

--- Page 502 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
502 
 
(b) 
(a) the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such 
Affected Reference Entity and such day); minus (b) the Loss Threshold Amount 
(subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on 
or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of 
such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
"Principal Tax Deduction Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
and a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference 
Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account 
of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade 
Date) of whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any 
authority of the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
"Principal Writedown Amount" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of:

--- Page 503 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
503 
 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement), any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) 
existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of 
such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such 
Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not 
such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
AsahiShimbun, YomiuriShimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian 
Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business 
news in the country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of 
Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity 
(or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative,

--- Page 504 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
504 
 
regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition 
of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference 
Entity and (b) that the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
"Underlying Obligation" for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; 
(iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting or 
anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or (B) any Solvency Capital 
Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the Guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 505 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
505 
 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee such Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of such Guarantee. 
"Qualifying Policy" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial 
guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the "Insured 
Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" will apply, with references to the Relevant 
Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented by the 
"Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by 
ISDA on 15 September 2014) in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to the 
guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Accelerated or Matured", whether 
or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation" or 
"Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" are specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type and if the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the 
Reference Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a

--- Page 506 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
506 
 
Quotation is being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day , the quotation shall be deemed to 
be zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day. 
"Quotation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which 
shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. Where an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been converted into 
an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such 
amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time 
that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. 
"Quotation Dealer" means, (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of 
the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; or (ii) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which 
is not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, if applicable, and which deals in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer, if specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms and, in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no 
longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations 
of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or 
more of the foregoing. 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer's quotation,

--- Page 507 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
507 
 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation 
Method shall be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, or any other method of quotation provided in the market for the 
relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, 
multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, 
or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an 
amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, 
multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, 
multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, 
or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an 
amount equal to the lower of 100 (x) per cent. and (y) the Final Price, 
multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity. 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall 
be the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point. 
"Redemption Suspension Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
"Reference Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount of any 
assets specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms issued by the relevant Reference Entity with 
an original maturity date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and a nominal amount equal 
to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such assets may be amended from time to time 
(including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets 
shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, provided that when determining 
whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access Credit

--- Page 508 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
508 
 
Linked Notes have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with 
reference to the terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such replacement 
securities or assets). 
"Reference Custodian" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement" means, in respect of Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, any formal or informal (express or implied) arrangement, method, means or 
account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest 
(including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof. 
"Reference Entity" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each 
entity contained in the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
"Reference Entity Count" means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
a Reference Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 22(h) (Multiple 
Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of 
the Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate 
of the Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference 
Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities,

--- Page 509 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
509 
 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant Reference Entity, the percentage specified 
for such relevant Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Investor" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any person that 
holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may include the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose vehicle or account through 
which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference 
Jurisdiction). 
"Reference Investor Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations. 
"Reference Jurisdiction" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Reference Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Standard Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, provided that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective 
of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such 
Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has 
previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference 
Obligation applicable to the Series and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case the 
Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) 
the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a 
Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Obligation as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, as deemed 
amended by any Index Annex or pursuant to determinations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the Index Sponsor. 
"Reference Obligation Only Series" means a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
(a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (b)

--- Page 510 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
510 
 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Regulatory Change Cost" means, in respect of a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have 
incurred in respect of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held, 
transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect thereof) 
at any time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
"Regulatory Change Event" means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date 
by any Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity 
charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or 
taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental 
Authority (provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any 
settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority 
to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in 
respect of) Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the 
term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, impose, modify or apply any tax, 
charge, duty, reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement 
on such Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a Reference 
Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of 
hedging the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes at any time during the term of such Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Credit Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which 
occurs with respect to the nth Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss

--- Page 511 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
511 
 
amounts incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has 
reached the Loss Threshold Amount). 
"Relevant Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective 
date of the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, 
incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective 
date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant 
Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the relevant Reference Entity 
were a Senior Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Risk Event" means, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a Risk Event 
which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Risk Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the Risk Event Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Risk Event. 
"Renminbi" or "RMB" means the currency of the PRC. 
"RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 9(j) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
"RMB Determination Business Day" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and 
the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB Relevant Currency.

--- Page 512 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
512 
 
"RMB Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the day 
which is two RMB Determination Business Days before the date of the relevant payment under 
such Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
"RMB Relevant Currency" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, U.S. 
dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the screen page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or any successor screen 
page or information provider thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent)."RMB 
Settlement Centre" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the financial 
centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the RMB 
Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong Kong. 
"RMB Spot Rate" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the spot 
CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the RMB Relevant Currency with 
Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB Determination Business Days, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB 
Determination Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is 
not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all 
available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC 
domestic foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
this definition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor the 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity

--- Page 513 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
513 
 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date that 
is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the 
purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders) that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making 
of a specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later 
of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring:

--- Page 514 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
514 
 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is 
no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-
paragraph (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which 
is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and 
an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same 
dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument 
Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in the 
ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring": 
(A) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity 
in this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the relevant Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to 
refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(B) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based 
on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the 
terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(C) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and 
second paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Insured Instruments for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, 
references to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall be deemed 
to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the 
first paragraph above shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(D) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the first 
paragraph above are hereby amended to read as follows:

--- Page 515 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
515 
 
(I) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(II) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(III) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof; or (B) the payment of the Instrument Payments described 
in clause (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(IV) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (A) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination or such Obligation to any other Obligation; or (B) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(V) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final 
maturity date", as such term is used in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Risk Event" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent:

--- Page 516 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
516 
 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event; 
or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event or an Additional Risk 
Event.  
"Risk Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Risk Event, the date on which an effective Risk Event Notice has been 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Noteholders. 
"Risk Event Determination Period" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the period from and including the Additional Risk Event Start Date to and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Risk Event Notice" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable 
notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Noteholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the "Series" of Local Access Credit Linked Notes to which the Risk Event 
Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant 
Risk Event Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination 
Period and provides details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk  Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Local Access Credit Linked Notes in the relevant 
Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
"Risk Event Redemption Method" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
LA Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date Extension" means an extension determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations", as published by ISDA on 8 
December 2017, is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and in respect of which 
the relevant Reference Entity constitutes a Subordinated Reference Entity.  
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or 
which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations

--- Page 517 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
517 
 
of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Senior Obligation" means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Senior Reference Entity" means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) if no 
such seniority level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the only Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the only 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level", or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference 
Entity, the "Senior Non-Preferred Level". 
"Settled Entity" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) 
identified as such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix. 
"Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss 
Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount. 
"Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity 
Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount. 
"Settled Entity Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of 
zero): 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such 
Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
"Settled Entity Matrix" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled 
Entity Matrix as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately 
preceding the Trade Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and as published by Markit 
or any successor thereto (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto). 
"Settled Entity Notional Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (x) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (y) the Settled Entity Weighting of 
the relevant Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled 
Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
"Settled Entity Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and

--- Page 518 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
518 
 
(b) 
the lesser of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite 
such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
"Settled Entity Weighting" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with 
respect to a Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Specified Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix. 
"Settlement Currency Principal Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference 
Assets, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Settlement/Custodial Event" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, (a) the 
occurrence of any event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, 
or may result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" 
were changed to "Custodian" for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect 
thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to 
a Reference Investor under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to 
take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the 
terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may 
affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
"Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders 
in respect of one Reference Entity alone. 
"Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
"Single Name Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions). 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, 
converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a relevant 
Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
(a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the 
definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, two).

--- Page 519 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
519 
 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
"Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event and: 
(a) 
a Series where Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
Redemption Method and "Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below of this definition, the Notice Delivery 
Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery 
Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above of this definition, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and 
either: 
(A) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-
off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit 
Event Notice is delivered by a Notifying Party to the other party and 
is effective on or prior to the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(I) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(II) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only with respect to the portion of the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked 
Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to which the 
Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which no 
Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(III) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Noteholders, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such 
Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the 
Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event Notice was less than 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes,

--- Page 520 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
520 
 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative 
transaction economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in 
unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
and (a) having identical deliverable obligation terms to one set of the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (b) in the case of M(M)R 
Restructuring,  having a scheduled termination date which falls 
within  the designated scheduled termination dates for the 
Applicable Auction and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked 
Notes ( in each case,  assuming "Auction Redemption"  and a 
deemed occurrence of an Event Determination Date) would be a 
covered transaction and the deliverable obligations set out on the 
Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligations for such 
Series. 
"Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms may be published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published (assuming, for the 
purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a 
seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would 
be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Reference Entity" means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation.

--- Page 521 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
521 
 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 24 (Reference Obligation), or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Index Sponsor (in 
the absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) below of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur 
with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent notifies the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant 
Reference Entity, (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to 
the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Substitution Event Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the 
Credit Linked Notes determined by the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted 
to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity 
or entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) below of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either 
directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, 
in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity,

--- Page 522 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
522 
 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor; 
and 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor); 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date 
of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the 
date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of:

--- Page 523 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
523 
 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (I) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, 
(II) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to make a Successor determination and (III) the Successor Notice is 
delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not more than 14 calendar days 
after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; provided 
that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date 
of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor" would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence 
of an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that describes a succession (or, in relation 
to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Successor". 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European 
Automarket Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) is open. 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or 
which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in sub-paragraphs 
(i) and (ii) above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations 
in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall 
constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Tranche Size" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity

--- Page 524 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
524 
 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Transaction Type" means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement 
Matrix to a Series where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
European COCO Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(g) 
Emerging European Corporate; 
(h) 
Japan Corporate; 
(i) 
Japan Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(k) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(l) 
Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Asia Corporate; 
(n) 
Asia Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Asia Sovereign; 
(p) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(q) 
Western European Sovereign; 
(r) 
Latin America Corporate B 
(s) 
Latin America Corporate BL; 
(t) 
Latin America Sovereign; 
(u) 
Australia Corporate; 
(v) 
Australia Financial Corporate; 
(w) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(x) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(y) 
New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
New Zealand Sovereign,

--- Page 525 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
525 
 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
"Trigger Percentage" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per 
cent.). 
"Ukraine Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ukraine and 
to which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 11 April 2016, is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Undeliverable Assets" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 17(k) (LA 
Physical Redemption Terms)."Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning given 
to that term in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Local Access 
Credit Linked Note, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency 
equal to the greater of 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any 
Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the relevant LA 
Settlement Assets to deliver). 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the 
subject of the Guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
"Underlying RMB Currency Event" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the occurrence of any of (i) Underlying RMB Illiquidity; (ii) Underlying RMB Inconvertibility 
and (iii) Underlying RMB Non-Transferability. 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) the general Renminbi exchange market 
outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any significant 
price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to 
perform its obligations under the Credit Linked Notes (or if applicable, any party to a Hedge 
Position cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedge 
Positions); or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party 
to a Hedge Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Underlying RMB Inconvertibility" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being 
impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, restricting or materially 
delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedge Position) to convert

--- Page 526 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
526 
 
any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant party on any payment date in respect 
of the Notes or (if applicable) any Hedge Position) into RMB, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or 
any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their 
affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or their affiliates, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Underlying RMB Non-Transferability" means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the 
Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedge Position) and/or any of their affiliates to deliver 
RMB between accounts inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than 
where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant 
party and/or any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any 
of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of their 
affiliates, as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Universal Successor" has the meaning given in the definition of Successor. 
"Unwind Costs" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes and (if the Issuer 
has elected to hedge its exposure) the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
hedge or related trading position. 
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after (i) the Event 
Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the 
Event Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination 
Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination 
Date" or (iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where 
Fallback Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not 
so specified, any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the 
applicable date referred to in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination 
Date does not occur pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of

--- Page 527 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
527 
 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition 
of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date 
or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order 
for the Event Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition 
of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the 
definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or (iii) the Auction 
Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not 
specified, 5 Business Days following the applicable date referred to in sub-
paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above); and  
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
5 Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the total number of 
Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
(c) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the terms of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or 
Highest, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
where: 
(i) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date;  
(iii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
"Lowest" means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; and 
(v) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than 
two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 528 ---
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) – Part B 
 
528 
 
"Valuation Obligation" means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and each Settled Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled 
Entity Matrix.

--- Page 529 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
529 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) 
The following are the conditions (the "Index Skew Conditions") that will apply to the Notes if the 
relevant Issue Terms indicate that "Index Skew Notes" are applicable (the "Index Skew Notes"). These 
Index Skew Conditions apply as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the case of any inconsistency between these Index Skew Conditions on the one hand and the General 
Conditions and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule on the other, these Index Skew Conditions will 
prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and italicised shall not 
form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Index Skew Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Definitions are incorporated into and will 
apply to these Index Skew Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Index Skew 
Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
applicable to the Index Skew Notes will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Issue Terms. 
References in these Index Skew Conditions to "Index Skew Notes" are to the Index Skew Notes, as the 
case may be, of one Series only, not to all Index Skew Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Index Skew Conditions to an Index Skew Condition are 
to the corresponding provision of these Index Skew Conditions. 
1. 
Principal and Interest Pay-outs on Index Skew Notes 
Introduction 
Index Skew Notes are Notes pursuant to which the Issuer is deemed to have hypothetically 
entered into two separate Hypothetical Skew Transactions (together referred to as an "Index 
Skew Position") under which the Issuer is a buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, such that following the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Issuer's exposure under both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions taken together offset each other. As a result, the payments 
required to be made by or to the Issuer under such Hypothetical Skew Transactions are intended 
to be zero due the application of payment netting. 
However, if the Hypothetical Skew Transactions were to terminate early due to an early 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes, a termination payment would be determined in respect of 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and this may result in an amount being hypothetically 
payable either to or by the Issuer. Such hypothetical amount, less any unwind costs, will be 
reflected in the amount payable to Noteholders upon the early redemption of the Index Skew 
Notes.  
Accrual of Interest 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that interest is payable in respect of Index Skew Notes, then 
interest shall accrue on the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Variation and Settlement Schedule from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; and (b) an Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Index Skew Notes being redeemed in full, and payment of the relevant 
interest amount shall be made on such date. The occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions shall 
not result in a write down of the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue and be payable on the Index 
Skew Notes as above regardless of the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect 
of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions. No interest 
shall accrue on any Index Skew Note on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Redemption on the Maturity Date

--- Page 530 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
530 
 
Unless the Index Skew Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled 
by the Issuer, each Outstanding Index Skew Note shall be redeemed in accordance with General 
Condition 5(a) (Final Redemption). 
Early Redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled pursuant to a General Conditions 
Early Redemption, the Issuer will redeem each Outstanding Index Skew Note in full by payment 
of the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable, in accordance with the General Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the 
Reference Entities referenced by each Hypothetical Skew Transaction will not result in the 
early redemption of the Index Skew Notes and no actual amounts will be payable to the 
Noteholders under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes. In such circumstance, the 
payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting. 
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position 
(i) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer is deemed to have entered into an Index Skew Position 
with the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(ii) 
An "Index Skew Position" will be constituted by the following Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions: 
(i) 
a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(ii) 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
provided that the Issuer shall be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction. 
(iii) 
In each Index Skew Position, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and 
Hypothetical Single Name Set will be referred to as "related" or "corresponding" to 
each other, and the relevant Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and 
Hypothetical Single Name Transactions will be the "constituent Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions" in respect of such Index Skew Position. 
(iv) 
In order to preserve the equal and opposite effect of each Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, save in the case of any calculation relating to the Hypothetical Swap 
Termination Value, any determination or action taken by the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Issuer under any Hypothetical Skew Transaction shall be deemed to be a 
determination or action taken under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction and 
where relevant, in equal amounts. 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements 
(i) 
No Initial Payment Amount will be made by the Issuer or the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty on the Issue Date. 
(ii) 
The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty (where applicable) in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date 
and related Fixed Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as 
applicable) with respect to the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event 
Determination Date in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an 
off-setting Hypothetical Single Name Transaction will be equal and opposite, and 
therefore no net amount in respect thereof would be hypothetically payable by the 
Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa under or in connection with 
the Index Skew Notes as a result thereof due to the application of payment netting.

--- Page 531 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
531 
 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
Notwithstanding the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, an Event Determination Date 
will only occur in relation to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction where a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event Announcement is made in 
relation to any Reference Entity under the constituent Hypothetical Swap Transaction. 
5. 
Cash Settlement 
Where "Fallback Settlement" applies, for the purposes of calculating any Hypothetical Swap 
Transaction Value, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) apply Cash 
Settlement to determine the Final Price for the relevant component of the Index Untranched 
Transaction and the corresponding Single Name Transaction referencing the same Reference 
Entity. In such circumstances, the Cash Settlement Amount relating to the relevant component 
of the Index Untranched Transaction and the corresponding Single Name Transaction 
referencing the same Reference Entity shall be determined on the basis of the same quotation 
resulting in the same Final Price. 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
Section 11.4 (Merger of Reference Entity and Seller) of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions will not apply to any Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
7. 
Deemed M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity referenced 
by the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer 
under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction shall not be able to deliver multiple Credit Event 
Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring but instead the Calculation Agent will be 
deemed to have delivered to the Issuer (and, in turn, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered 
to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty) a single Credit Event Notice for the total Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount in respect of such Reference Entity (and not a portion thereof) with 
respect to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and such amount shall be deemed to be the 
Exercise Amount.  
8. 
Successors 
Following a succession, if more than one Successor has been identified in relation to any 
Reference Entity under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction pursuant to Section 2.2 (Provisions 
for Determining a Successor) of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, each such Successor will 
be a Reference Entity (a "Successor Reference Entity") for the purposes of the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions referencing such Reference Entity (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the original Reference Entity shall cease to be a Reference Entity except where it is a 
Successor Reference Entity). 
In the case where the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not identify any 
Successor in relation to any Reference Entity under a relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction and the Index Sponsor identifies one or more Successors in relation to any 
Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of 
such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity. 
Where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity after such Succession Date, the 
Index Skew Notes will not be redeemed (in whole or in part) and will continue to remain 
Outstanding in an amount equal to the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(disregarding the effect of a succession) and interest shall continue to accrue in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule.

--- Page 532 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
532 
 
9. 
Reference Obligations 
Where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a 
replacement Reference Obligation in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Reference Obligation will also be 
deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction. Where a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation applies to the constituent Index Skew Transactions, the same Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will apply with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction in 
the related Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
10. 
Changes in determination 
If any matter to be determined by a party hereunder has also been determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee then such party may, in its sole discretion, make 
its determination or change any determination previously made by it so as to be consistent with 
the relevant determination of such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, provided that 
any such determination or change in determination shall be applied equally to the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic effect under each such 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex  
If there are deemed changes to the Index Annex with respect to the Eligible Index, the same 
changes shall be applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to 
achieve the same economic effect under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption 
If the Issuer exercises its option to early redeem the Index Skew Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), then notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Conditions, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount.  
13. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Index Skew Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Index Skew Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Index Skew 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2014 ISDA Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including pursuant to the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement). 
"2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement" means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable. 
"Eligible Index" means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, any credit 
index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"General Conditions Early Redemption" means a redemption of Notes which occurs pursuant 
to General Condition 5(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), General Condition 5(b)(ii) 
(Redemption for Illegality), General Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
General Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes), General Condition 9 
(Events of Default), or following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, an Additional Early 
Redemption Event, an Administrator/Benchmark Event or a Realisation Disruption Event (as 
each such term is defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule).

--- Page 533 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
533 
 
"Index Skew Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Skew Note, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to a minimum of zero) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to such Index Skew Note's pro rata share of: 
(a) 
the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(b) 
accrued, but unpaid, interest on such Index Skew Notes to (but excluding) the Early 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable; plus 
(c) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value (where it is positive); minus 
(d) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value (where it is negative); minus 
(e) 
unwind costs, if any, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, in respect of Index Skew 
Notes, on any day, an amount equal to the original aggregate nominal amount of such Index 
Skew Notes, as adjusted for any partial redemptions, amortisations, cancellations or further 
issues of the Index Skew Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
"Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of 
and evidencing a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction that: 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms" as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction" means a hypothetical index untranched credit 
derivative transaction under which the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer 
is the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) or the 
seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the 
corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Index; 
(b) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(c) 
has an Original Notional Amount set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement" means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
Termination Currency is the Settlement Currency of the Index Skew Notes; 
(b) 
the governing law is English law; and 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the "Calculation Agent". 
"Hypothetical Single Name Set" means a set of Hypothetical Single Name Transactions. 
"Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Single Name Transaction that:

--- Page 534 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
534 
 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms" as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Single Name Transaction" means a hypothetical single name credit derivative 
transaction under which the Issuer is either the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is 
the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction) or the seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection 
under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) that: 
(a) 
references one of the Reference Entities and related Reference Obligation contained in 
the Eligible Index referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and specified as one of the Reference Entities in the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Swap Confirmation; 
(b) 
in aggregate, together with other constituent Hypothetical Single Name Transactions 
in the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Set, offset the exposure of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; 
(c) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(d) 
has a Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount as set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Skew Confirmation" means the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap 
Confirmation and the Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation, each of which will be 
deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
"Hypothetical Skew Transaction" means, at any time, the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction within the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set, to the extent outstanding at such time. Each outstanding Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction will be deemed to constitute a Transaction under and for the purposes of the 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as long as it is outstanding (and shall be the only 
Transactions under the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement).  
"Hypothetical Swap Counterparty" means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market, accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citibank, N.A. (or one of its branches), 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such other entity as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Swap Termination Value" means an amount (which may be positive or 
negative), denominated in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the date of the event triggering early redemption of the Index Skew Notes pursuant to a 
General Conditions Early Redemption, equal to the amount which would hypothetically be 
payable in connection with Section 6(e) (Payments on Early Termination) of the Hypothetical 
ISDA Master Agreement as if: 
(a) 
an Additional Termination Event had occurred in respect of which the Issuer is the sole 
Affected Party and all Transactions are Affected Transactions;  
(b) 
an Early Termination Date has been validly designated in connection with such 
Additional Termination Event; and  
(c) 
there were no Unpaid Amounts as of such Early Redemption Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable.

--- Page 535 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
535 
 
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value will be expressed as (x) a positive number if it would 
be hypothetically payable by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and (y) a 
negative number if it would hypothetically be payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty. The terms "Additional Termination Event", "Affected Party", "Affected 
Transactions", "Early Termination Date", "Transactions" and "Unpaid Amounts" will have the 
meaning given to them in the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement. 
"Index Skew Position" has the meaning given to it in Index Skew Condition 2 (Entry into an 
Index Skew Position).

--- Page 536 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
536 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 (FX RATE CONDITIONS)  
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"FX Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Notes linked to FX Rates or any other Notes where this Underlying Schedule is specifically stated to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A 
The provisions of this Part A apply where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Currency Pair" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and the Base 
Currency specified for such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Event Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and/or the Base 
Currency, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Event Currency Jurisdiction" means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which 
such Event Currency is the lawful currency. 
"Exchange Rate" means the spot rate of exchange for exchange of the relevant Quote Currency 
into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or parts thereof) of the Quote 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) which appears on the 
relevant Electronic Page at approximately the Valuation Time, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means: 
(a) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is not specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the "inverse of" and/or the "product of" and/or the "quotient of" (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) each Exchange Rate specified for such 
FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate Condition" means each condition specified in Part A of this Underlying Schedule. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Non-Event Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate and the relevant Currency Pair, 
the currency of such Currency Pair which is not the Event Currency. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the percentage specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined 
as set out in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 537 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
537 
 
"Quote Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have settled payments and been open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial 
Centres specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms and, if the specified Financial 
Centres are specified to be or include "TARGET" or "TARGET Business Day" a Scheduled 
Trading Day shall also be a TARGET Business Day. 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate 
determined as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Financial Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Exchange 
Rate(s). 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate observed continuously 
during such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Exchange Rate(s). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Currency Disruption Event" means any of Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Governmental Authority Default, Illiquidity, Material Change in 
Circumstances, Nationalisation, Price Materiality, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability, each such term as defined below, and any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the split of any Exchange Rate specified for such FX Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s) 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to convert any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to deliver (a) any relevant Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the relevant Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction.

--- Page 538 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
538 
 
"Governmental Authority Default" means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for 
borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation, or rescheduling of any principal, interest, 
or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee. 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain a firm quote to 
determine the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) for any relevant amount at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source 
Disruption and/or any Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or any Currency Disruption Event 
specified in respect of such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Material Change in Circumstances" means the occurrence of an event in an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for (i) any Hedging Party to fulfil its obligations under any Hedging 
Position and (ii) for any entity generally to fulfil obligations similar to such Hedging Party's 
obligations under any Hedging Position. 
"Nationalisation" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by a Governmental Authority which 
deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its assets in any Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the 
Price Materiality Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page). 
"Repudiation" means, in respect of a Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates, or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee of such 
Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
"Specific Inconvertibility" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to convert the whole, or part thereof, of any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency 
into the relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange 
or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any relevant Event Currency into the

--- Page 539 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
539 
 
relevant Non-Event Currency) other than where such hindrance, limitation, restriction, 
impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by such Hedging Party to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or not reasonably practicable for 
such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation). 
"Specific Non-Transferability" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to deliver (a) any relevant amount in any relevant Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside such Event Currency Jurisdiction or 
(b) any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any 
relevant Event Currency into the relevant Non-Event Currency), other than where such 
hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by 
such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Trading Suspension or Limitation" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in 
the rate(s) required to calculate such FX Rate (which may be, without limitation, rates quoted 
on any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) for such 
Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part A Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: after the Trade Date 
and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country has lawfully eliminated, 
converted, redenominated, or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date or any lawful 
successor currency thereto (the "Successor Currency"), as the case may be (the "Original 
Currency"), for a Successor Currency. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Corrections of published or announced rates 
Correction Period means, in respect of an FX Rate, five Business Days. 
(b) 
Certain Published and Displayed Sources 
If any Exchange Rate is published or announced by more than one price source (including the 
relevant Electronic Page) and the Electronic Page fails to publish or announce that currency 
exchange rate on any relevant Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page), then the relevant Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as relevant) 
for such Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any 
other available price source which actually publishes or announces such currency exchange rate 
on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by such price source) as the applicable 
Electronic Page.

--- Page 540 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
540 
 
If any Exchange Rate comprising any applicable FX Rate is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced, or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor 
currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced, or 
adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the "Official Successor 
Rate"), then the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as applicable) for the relevant 
Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any available 
price source which publishes or announces the Official Successor Rate (including, but not 
limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable Electronic Page.  
(c) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot 
be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Notes (a "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date") due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country 
for which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the 
absence of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting 
or restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the 
Specified Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from 
transferring the Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the 
country of incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within 
the international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to 
a natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour 
disruption), 
(each a "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy 
its obligations to the Noteholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars ("USD") (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency 
exchange rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine) on, or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) 
after, the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD 
will not constitute a default and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
PART B 
The provisions of this Part B apply where EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 541 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
541 
 
1. 
Definitions 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, 
that the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Rate for such Valuation Date taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
"Disruption Event" means an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable 
Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the FX Rate being in respect of an 
FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality, if specified in respect of the FX 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disruption Fallback" means each of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback 
Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement which are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exchange Rate" means the Reference Currency/Settlement Currency offered rate for the 
Settlement Currency expressed as the amount of the Reference Currency per one unit of the 
Settlement Currency for settlement in the Number of Settlement Business Days.  
"First Fallback Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate as 
reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the First Fallback Rate Source on the First 
Fallback Electronic Page at approximately the First Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon 
thereafter as practicable). For which purpose: 
"First Fallback Electronic Page" means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"First Fallback Rate Source" means, in respect of a First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such First 
Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified 
Valuation Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing 
Level of the relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the First Fallback 
Reference Rate, unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX 
Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback.  
"First Fallback Valuation Time" means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of each Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Exchange Rate, as reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the FX Rate Source. 
"FX Rate Condition" means each Condition specified in Part B of this Underlying Schedule. 
"FX Rate Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such FX Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
any methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"Number of Settlement Business Days" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related 
Exchange Rate, the number of Reference Currency Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either (a) the 
Primary Rate differs from any Secondary Rate by at the least the Price Materiality Percentage 
or (b) there are insufficient responses on the Specified Valuation Date to the relevant survey

--- Page 542 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
542 
 
used in calculating the First Fallback Reference Price or, as the case may be, the Second 
Fallback Reference Price. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related 
Second Fallback Reference Rate, as the case may be, on the Specified Valuation Date (or, if 
different the day on which rates for that Specified Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, 
but for the occurrence of any Disruption Event, would have been open) for business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in (i) the or each Settlement Currency Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (a "Settlement Currency Business Day") and (ii) any of the Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, for the purposes of the definition 
of Valuation Date and the occurrence of a Disruption Event, a Reference Currency Business 
Day will include any day on which commercial banks would have been open but for the 
occurrence in the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency of a banking moratorium or other 
similar event related to any Disruption Event. 
"Second Fallback Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate as reported or, as the 
case may be, announced, by the Second Fallback Rate Source on the Second Fallback Electronic 
Page at approximately the Second Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon thereafter as 
practicable). For which purpose: 
"Second Fallback Electronic Page" means, in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Second Fallback Rate Source" means, in respect of a Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such 
Second Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of the 
relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback.  
"Second Fallback Valuation Time" means, in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the or each rate(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, a Reference Currency Business 
Day PROVIDED THAT, where the Reference Currency is Brazilian real ("BRL") and the 
Settlement Currency is United States dollars ("USD"), if the Specified Valuation Date falls on 
a day that, as at the Trade Date, is not a Settlement Currency Business Day, then such day shall 
be a Scheduled Trading Day notwithstanding that, due to not being a Settlement Currency 
Business Day only, it is not a Reference Currency Business Day.

--- Page 543 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
543 
 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, a day 
that is not a Reference Currency Business Day and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency two Reference Currency Business Days 
prior to the Specified Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Postponement" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, 
that if the relevant Disruption Event is (i) a Price Source Disruption, the Underlying Closing 
Level will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day on 
which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist unless, subject to the provisions of FX Rate 
Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below, the Price Source 
Disruption continues to exist (measured from the date that, but for the occurrence of the Price 
Source Disruption, would have been the Valuation Date) for the number of Maximum Days of 
Postponement. In such event, the FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency 
Business Day after the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement (and such date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date) in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback or (ii) if the relevant Disruption Event is a Price Materiality, the FX Rate 
will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page(s) at approximately the Valuation 
Time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
"Underlying Level" does not apply to an FX Rate to which the EMTA Provisions apply.  
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such FX 
Rate on which a Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing.  
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part B Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
any Relevant Rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant 
Governmental Authority and any such Relevant Rate ceases to exist and is replaced by 
a successor currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, 
announced or adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the 
"Official Successor Rate"), then the Relevant Rate will be determined as provided 
herein by reference to such Official Successor Rate and the price source which 
publishes or announces (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have 
published or announced) such Official Successor Rate (including, but not limited to, 
an official publication of that Governmental Authority);

--- Page 544 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
544 
 
(ii) 
the FX Rate Source as sponsor and/or administrator of a Relevant Rate officially 
designates or appoints a successor sponsor and/or administrator entity for that Relevant 
Rate, then such lawfully designated or appointed successor entity shall be deemed to 
be the lawful sponsor and/or administrator entity of such Relevant Rate; and 
(iii) 
if, after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect 
on the Trade Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the "Successor 
Currency"), as the case may be (the "Original Currency"), for a Successor Currency. 
For the purposes of the above, "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure 
government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate, any First Fallback Reference 
Rate and any Second Fallback Reference Rate. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless Correction Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of an FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Correction 
of published or announced prices or levels) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an FX Rate then the Valuation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date 
EXCEPT, in the event of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on such Specified 
Valuation Date, in which case the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Scheduled Trading Day, subject as follows and as provided in FX 
Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on 
a Scheduled Trading Day as provided above and the Valuation Date has not occurred on or 
before the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement after the Specified Valuation Date 
(any such period being a Deferral Period), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would 
have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the FX Rate, in which 
case the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) below will apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and consequently all 
references to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) shall 
be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX Rate.  
(c) 
Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels))) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate.

--- Page 545 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
545 
 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
FX Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for an FX Rate, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the Underlying 
Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation Date. 
Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Valuation 
Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to such 
FX Rate, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) other than such 
FX Rate (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, where "Move In Block" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to Disrupted Days, then the adjustment 
provisions above prevail and consequently all references to "for all of the Underlyings" in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX 
Rate. 
If an Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted 
Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate, then the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback will apply. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events 
Notwithstanding the cut-off provisions set out in the definition of Valuation Postponement and 
in FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) above, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, (x) if upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum 
Days of Postponement, then such day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and (y) if, upon 
the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, a Price Source Disruption 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum Days of Postponement, 
such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and the relevant FX Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
The Cut-off Valuation Date provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions) do not apply to an Underlying that is an FX Rate and, 
accordingly, pursuant to the above provisions, a scheduled date for payment of any amount in 
respect of the Notes will be deferred, if later, until the Number of Settlement Business Days (or 
such other number of days (the "Number of Postponement Days") specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) following the relevant Valuation Date and such Cut-off Valuation Date provisions 
shall only apply to any Underlying other than an FX Rate (save as otherwise provided in the 
relevant Underlying Schedule applicable to any such Underlying). 
(e) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot 
be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Notes (a "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date") due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country 
for which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the "Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction") which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction 
to obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain 
the Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified

--- Page 546 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
546 
 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the 
absence of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting 
or restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the 
Specified Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from 
transferring the Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the 
country of incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within 
the international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to 
a natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour 
disruption), 
(each a "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy 
its obligations to the Noteholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in USD (such 
payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange rate displayed on such 
price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant Scheduled Payment 
Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a default and 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of any such 
delay.".

--- Page 547 ---
Schedule A 
 
547 
 
SCHEDULE A 
The General Conditions of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. shall be amended as follows where Schedule 
A is specified to apply to the relevant Notes in the applicable Issue Terms: 
1. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
The following shall be inserted at the end of General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
as General Condition 5(h): 
"(h) 
Regulatory Approval 
The redemption or repurchase pursuant to General Condition 5(b) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality), General Condition 5(c) (Purchases) 
or General Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of any Note that is 
included in Citigroup Inc.'s capital and total loss absorbing capacity may be subject to 
consultation with the Federal Reserve of the United States, which may not acquiesce 
in the redemption or repurchase of such Note unless it is satisfied that the capital 
position and total loss absorbing capacity of Citigroup Inc. will be adequate after the 
proposed redemption or repurchase.". 
2. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The definition of "Event of Default" set out in General Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"Event of Default" wherever used herein with respect to the Notes means any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Note or the principal of any Note when 
it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; 
or 
(ii) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer by a court having 
jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the 
winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(iii) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to the 
entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or to the 
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its 
property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
generally. 
For the avoidance of doubt, only the Events of Default described above provide for a right of 
acceleration of the Notes. No other event, including a default in the performance of any other 
covenant of the Issuer, will result in acceleration.

--- Page 548 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
548 
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
This Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Notes. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections or calculations made or decided on in relation to 
matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be made or determined on by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The additional terms and conditions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall be referred 
to as the "Valuation and Settlement Conditions", and references in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to a "Valuation and Settlement Condition" shall be read and construed as a reference to a 
particular numbered condition of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule. 
If in respect of Credit Linked Notes there is a conflict between the applicable provisions of this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions, the applicable 
provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
If in respect of Index Skew Notes there is a conflict between the applicable provisions of this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable provisions of the Index Skew Conditions, the applicable 
provisions of the Index Skew Conditions shall prevail. 
In connection with Credit Linked Notes and Index Skew Notes, and unless specifically stated in the Issue 
Terms, (i) references in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule to an "Underlying", an "Underlying 
Level" and related definitions shall not include a Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Index or related 
term and (ii) the provisions in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall not apply to any adjustments, 
calculations or determinations required or permitted to be made under the Credit Linked Conditions or 
Index Skew Conditions, as the case may be. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
(a) 
General 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying and/or to making any adjustment to 
Valuation Dates or following Adjustment Events are specified in this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1 and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying, as amended and 
supplemented (where relevant) by the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an Underlying on a 
Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to one Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, unless 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions

--- Page 549 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
549 
 
relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying 
Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all of the Underlyings, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of 
the Underlyings, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the 
provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation 
Date is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified Valuation Date, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day 
for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) (as applicable) or, 
as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates 
for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the 
relevant Underlying(s), shall apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such affected Underlying, unless in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which 
case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Levels))) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days 
set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) above and/or, as the case may be, the provisions of the Underlying Schedules applicable 
to the relevant Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to one Underlying, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading 
Day and which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; and (II) the Scheduled

--- Page 550 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
550 
 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then the 
Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the 
Underlyings and which is not a Disrupted Day for all of the Underlyings; and (II) the 
Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of 
Scheduled Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such Specified 
Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, 
then the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be such Specified 
Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be the earlier of: (1) the first 
succeeding day immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not a Disrupted 
Day for such Underlying; and (2) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days for such Underlying 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would 
otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the "Cut-off 
Valuation Date") for such Underlying prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
or delivery, as applicable, is scheduled to be made under the Notes, such Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such date 
is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying) and the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(e)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels) above) is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, then 
(unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying on such Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for 
such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels))) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Valuation Date 
for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Underlying on such Cut-off Valuation Date using its good faith

--- Page 551 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
551 
 
estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time 
(where relevant) on or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot be 
determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such day shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of determining any amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
(g) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an 
Underlying or the Notes (as relevant), then (subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall (i) make such adjustment to the 
terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the provisions (if any) of such Underlying 
Schedule and (ii) determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to 
the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to pass on to Noteholders the 
relevant increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Notes. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule, any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation 
Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a substitution of the relevant Underlying 
and the Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Notes as it 
deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution.  
(h) 
Early Redemption Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs, then (in 
the case of an Additional Early Redemption Event pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of 
such term, subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to the relevant 
Underlying): (i) all (but not some only) of the Notes will, or (ii) in the case of a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event, or a Section 871(m) Event, all (but not some only) of the 
Notes may, in each case of (i) and (ii), be redeemed on a day selected by the Issuer, each 
Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount on the Early Redemption Date.  
(i) 
Realisation Disruption Event 
If "Realisation Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the Calculation Agent 
to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Notes (including any payment 
obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular 
Realisation Disruption Event or (ii) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on a day selected 
by the Issuer, each Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) 
payments under the Notes being made in the currency (the "Local Currency") in which the 
Hedging Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Specified Currency, (II) 
deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction from the relevant 
payment otherwise due under the relevant Notes resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect 
of the Notes, (III) non-payment of the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Notes 
until the relevant restrictions (including but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or 
cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or (IV) determination of any relevant exchange 
rate by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it deems 
relevant which may result in a different rate to that which would have applied had the

--- Page 552 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
552 
 
Realisation Disruption Event not occurred. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any time on 
any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity responsible for 
such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected Level") is 
published by or on behalf of such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after 
the original publication (and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a 
payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date")), 
then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant 
Underlying for the relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent shall use such 
Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
any such amounts payable under the Notes. 
(k) 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition and the action that it proposes 
to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer 
to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such 
determination. 
(l) 
Definitions 
"Additional Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Event (if any) 
specified as such in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Additional Early Redemption Event" means each of: (i) in respect of an Underlying, each 
event (if any) specified as such in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying and 
(ii) if Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event or Section 871(m) Event (or both) is/are 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event or Section 871(m) Event (or both), as the case may be (collectively, the 
"Additional Early Redemption Events"). 
"Adjustment Event" means, in each case, if specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of 
Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional Adjustment Event applicable to an 
Underlying.  
"Change in Law" means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
rule, order, directive or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if "Illegality" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any Hedging Position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or 
otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, illegality or 
prohibition cannot be cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking all 
commercially reasonable measures available to it (including that any such measures 
will not result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or

--- Page 553 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
553 
 
(ii) 
if "Material Increased Cost" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including without limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of any relevant Hedging Party) 
which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking reasonable measures 
available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its agents) will not 
suffer a material loss.  
"Correction Period" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Early Redemption Event" means (i) if "Early Redemption following Adjustment Event" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Adjustment 
Event (and, in such case, an Early Redemption Event will have occurred where, following the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or 
substitution can reasonably be made under this Valuation and Settlement Condition to account 
for the effect of such Adjustment Event), or (ii) the occurrence at any time of any Additional 
Early Redemption Event. 
"Electronic Page" means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any component of 
such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying Schedule), the electronic page 
or source specified for such Underlying or such component, as the case may be, in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or 
(ii) if such sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor 
or provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such 
sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation Agent 
PROVIDED THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not 
necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or 
source or information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally 
designated electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the 
Calculation Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an 
Underlying and/or (if applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the 
relevant Underlying Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed 
accordingly and (i) if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on 
the relevant Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the 
Calculation Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level 
is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is published on one or more of such 
Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level for the purpose 
of determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Notes and no Disrupted Day 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Notes; or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event" means any action, or any announcement of 
the intention to take any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the 
amendment, elimination, reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any 
regulatory, self-regulatory, legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, as implemented by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission ("CFTC") or any exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC 
authority) that affects the definition of "bona fide hedging" as that term is used in CFTC 
regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act") (as at the Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that 
withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any "hedge exemptions" previously granted

--- Page 554 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
554 
 
by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility acting under authority granted pursuant 
to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or otherwise amends such other applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in this sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of the performance of the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Notes or the cost of acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, 
unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the 
Notes, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each case occurring after the Trade Date 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is 
intended to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Notes, which party may 
be the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in 
securities, futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; 
(ii) stock loan transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) 
entered into by a Hedging Party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") 
basis, the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the 
Notes; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of any Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Realisation Disruption Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by 
any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by 
any Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by any Hedging Party such that: 
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to 
purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, 
continue or otherwise complete such transactions) and/or is or would be 
materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its obligations 
in respect of any Hedging Positions; 
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations under the 
Notes and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its 
obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Notes and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under any Hedging 
Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any 
restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, 
judicial or regulatory body): 
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or 
convert the Local Currency for any Specified Currency or any Specified 
Currency for the Local Currency through the customary legal channels and/or 
(ii) deliver any Specified Currency or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer 
the proceeds of the Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a 
Hedging Position) (A) between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local

--- Page 555 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
555 
 
Currency (the "Local Jurisdiction") and any accounts in the jurisdiction of 
any Specified Currency or (B) to or from a party that is a non-resident of the 
Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of any 
Specified Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from 
transferring amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in respect of the 
Notes between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of a Hedging 
Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency and the jurisdiction 
of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for any Specified Currency (or vice versa), for 
any reason becomes restricted, or such determination is otherwise 
impracticable or such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and "material" and 
any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of any such provision shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems 
appropriate. 
"Section 871(m) Event" means that the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in each case, any 
Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in 
each case, any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Notes and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, and/or, in each case, any Hedging Positions. 
"Specified Valuation Date" means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a 
Specified Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Issue Date. 
"Underlying" means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Underlying Closing Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the meaning given 
to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Schedule" means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is specified to be 
applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means each Specified Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) above and/or, as applicable, the 
relevant Underlying Schedule or any date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a Valuation 
Date. 
"Valuation Roll" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
number is so specified, eight.

--- Page 556 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
556 
 
"Valuation Time" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
2. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, in the event that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, the Determination Agent (such agent the "Relevant Agent") may make 
such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Relevant Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance 
and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, and, in the 
case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of 
exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or   
(ii) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) redeem 
the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Provided that the Relevant Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided above to 
the terms of the Notes, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made 
by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest relevant effective date. The Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders thereof or of any election to redeem the Notes as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by the 
Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such 
determination or election will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Relevant Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will 
not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, or (3) save where the relevant Issue 
Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is not 
commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the 
Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Relevant 
Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such 
licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator 
and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer representative, 
or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or 
rate, all as determined by the Relevant Agent.

--- Page 557 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
557 
 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Notes. 
3. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Dual Currency Note Provisions apply ("Dual 
Currency Notes"), then in order to determine amounts payable in respect of the Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in respect of any payments in respect of the Notes, convert the relevant 
payment amount (as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Conditions, this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms) from the 
Denomination Currency into the Relevant Currency by dividing such amount by the Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate for the DC Valuation Date relating to the date on which such payment 
is to be made. The provisions of the General Conditions and this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule shall be subject to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 and shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Where: 
"Denomination Currency" means the currency of the Specified Denomination and the 
Calculation Amount, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Dual Currency Exchange Rate" means any Underlying which is an FX Rate and as is 
designated as the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant payment in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency in respect of payments, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Specified DC Valuation Date" means, in respect of a scheduled Interest Payment Date and/or 
Optional Redemption Date and the Maturity Date (each a "Relevant Date"), the date specified 
as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, a "DC Valuation Date". 
INTEREST 
4. 
Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Types of Interest 
These Valuation and Settlement Conditions include (amongst other terms) the following 
provisions in relation to the following types of Notes, each type of Note being of a different 
interest basis (interest basis): 
(i) 
in respect of Dual Currency Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency Notes) (and, together with the 
FX Rate Conditions, the "Dual Currency Note Provisions"); 
(ii) 
in respect of Inflation Rate Notes (as defined in the Inflation Index Conditions), the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4(b) (Definitions) (and 
together with the Inflation Index Conditions, are the "Inflation Rate Note 
Provisions");

--- Page 558 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
558 
 
(iii) 
in respect of DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes (as defined in the Inflation Index 
Conditions), the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4(b) 
(Definitions) (and together with the Inflation Index Conditions, are the "DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Note Provisions"); 
(iv) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) (the "Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions"); 
(v) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes) (the "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions"); 
(vi) 
in respect of CMS Interest Linked Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes) (the "CMS 
Interest Linked Note Provisions"); 
(vii) 
in respect of Range Accrual Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes) (and, where any 
Reference Observation is an FX Rate, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the 
"Range Accrual Note Provisions"); 
(viii) 
in respect of Digital Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 7 (Digital Notes) (and, where any Digital Reference Rate is an 
FX Rate, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the "Digital Note Provisions"); 
(ix) 
in respect of Digital Band Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 8 (Digital Band Notes) (and, where any Reference Rate is 
an FX Rate, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the "Digital Band Note 
Provisions") 
(x) 
in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 (Inverse Floating Rate Notes) (the "Inverse 
Floating Rate Note Provisions"); 
(xi) 
in respect of Spread Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 10 (Spread Notes) (the "Spread Note Provisions");  
(xii) 
in respect of Volatility Bond Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 11 (Volatility Bond Notes) (and, where the 
Reference Rate is specified in the application Issue Terms to be a Forward Rate, 
together with the provisions relating to Forward Rate Notes, the "Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions"); 
(xiii) 
in respect of Synthetic Forward Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 12 (Synthetic Forward Rate Notes) (the 
"Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions"); 
(xiv) 
in respect of Previous Coupon Linked Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 13 (Previous Coupon Linked Notes) (the 
"Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions");  
(xv) 
in respect of FX Performance Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 14 (FX Performance Notes) (and, where the 
relevant FX Performance Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an 
Underlying, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the "FX Performance Note 
Provisions"); 
(xvi) 
in respect of Reserve Coupon Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 (Reserve Coupon Notes) (the "Reserve 
Coupon Note Provisions");

--- Page 559 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
559 
 
(xvii) 
in respect of Restructure Interest Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes) (the 
"Restructure Interest Rate Note Provisions"); 
(xviii) 
in respect of Global Interest Floor Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 16 (Global Interest Floor Notes) (the "Global 
Interest Floor Note Provisions"); and 
(xix) 
in respect of Global Interest Cap Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 17 (Global Interest Cap Notes) (the "Global 
Interest Cap Note Provisions"). 
If "Switcher Option", "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" or "Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Notes, then 
the Notes may (at the option of the Issuer, in the case of the Switcher Option) or shall (in the 
case of "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") or shall, on the occurrence of the relevant Lock-
in Event (in the case of Lock-in Change of Interest Basis) have more than one interest basis 
applicable to different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates. In such case, the above 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions applicable in relation to the particular type(s) of Notes and 
interest basis shall apply in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the Issue Terms. 
Alternatively, Notes may not bear interest, which Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as "Zero Coupon Notes", in which case the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4(c) (Zero Coupon Notes) shall apply thereto (the "Zero Coupon Note Provisions"). 
If "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, all Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in 
respect of each Interest Period during the term of the Notes shall be aggregated and shall not be 
paid until the Maturity Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, no additional interest shall accrue in 
respect of Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in respect of prior Interest Periods. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In addition to the provisions for determining interest as set out in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule: 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
save where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Inflation Rate 
Notes or DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the amount (if any) determined as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 5 (Determination of Interest Rates 
and Interest Amounts) to 21 (Lock-in Change of Interest Basis) below (as applicable) 
and in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Inflation Rate Notes 
and where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined in respect of each Calculation 
Amount by reference to either: 
(A) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ([
UCL Relevant Months Prior
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior −1] ± Margin) × DCF 
(B) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula:

--- Page 560 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
560 
 
Calculation Amount × ([
UCL Relevant Months Prior
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior −1] ± Margin) × DCF
× IPR 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of paragraphs (A) and (B) above, that if 
(x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar). 
Where: 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts) below) and, for 
which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date shall be as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest 
Amounts) below. 
"Interest Amount Inflation Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index 
and is designated as the Interest Amount Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" 
(minus) sign (PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be 
not applicable for such Interest Payment Date, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero). 
"UCL Relevant Months Prior" means the Underlying Closing Level of the Interest 
Amount Inflation Index on the date falling the number of calendar months prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall 
be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment 
as provided in, the Conditions. 
"UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior" means the Underlying Closing Level of the 
Interest Amount Inflation Index on the date falling the number of calendar months 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and which shall be the month falling 12 months prior to the UCL Relevant Months 
Prior. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, 
and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the 
heading "Interest Participation Rate" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined in respect 
of each Calculation Amount by reference to either: 
(A) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount
× (the DIR Index Ratio in respect of such Interest Payment Date
± Margin) × DCF 
(B) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula:

--- Page 561 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
561 
 
Calculation Amount
× (the DIR Index Ratio in respect of such Interest Payment Date
± Margin) × DCF × IPR 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of paragraphs (A) and (B) above, that if 
(x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar). 
Where: 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts) below) and, for 
which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date shall be as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest 
Amounts) below. 
"Base Index Figure" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index and is designated as 
the DIR Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any reference to the "DIR Index Figure" applicable to a particular Interest Payment 
Date shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Index Month A + 
(Day of Interest Payment Date −1)
(Days in month of Interest Payment Date)  X (Index Month B
−Index Month A) 
and where: 
"DIR Index Ratio" applicable to any Interest Payment Date means the DIR Index 
Figure applicable to such date divided by the Base Index Figure. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" minus 
sign (PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not 
applicable for such Interest Payment Date, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero). 
"Index Month A" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date falls, such number being as specified under Index Month A in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date 
for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Index Month B" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date falls, such number being as specified under Index Month B in the 
applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the month falling one month after Index 
Month A. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose 
of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the 
heading "Interest Participation Rate" in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 562 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
562 
 
In the case of Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as soon as 
practicable the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Interest Amounts so determined may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under General Condition 9 (Events of Default), the interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition but no publication of the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Inflation Rate Notes or DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Zero Coupon Note Provisions to be applicable to the 
Notes (the "Zero Coupon Notes"), then the Notes will not bear or pay any interest. The Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be the Amortised Face Amount, as further described in General Condition 5(d) 
(Early Redemption Amount) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Fixed Rate Note Provisions apply to the Notes if specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms of this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule ("Fixed Rate Notes"). 
(i) 
Accrual not applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be not applicable, in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date to which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions apply (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will pay the Interest 
Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment Date in the Specified Currency. 
For which purpose, the "Interest Amount" will be (i) the amount specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, (ii) where different amounts are specified in relation to 
different Interest Payment Dates, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date or, (iii) if an Interest Table is set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, each amount 
specified in the Interest Table in the column entitled "Interest Amount" in the row 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, be the "Broken Amount" so specified for such Interest Payment Date or, 
if an Interest Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each amount specified in 
the Interest Table in the column entitled "Broken Amount" in the row corresponding 
to the date (specified in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest 
Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
(ii) 
Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 563 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
563 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be applicable, each Fixed Rate Note 
bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Fixed Interest Rate(s) (being an "Interest Rate"). Interest will be 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date to which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such date will be the Interest 
Amount.  
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified 
in any other Valuation and Settlement Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
a "Fixed Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined 
in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii). 
If a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, a different Fixed Interest Rate 
may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates and 
the Specified Fixed Rate in respect of an Interest Period shall be the rate specified in 
the Rate Table in the column entited "Specifed Fixed Rate(s)" in the row corresponding 
to the Interest Payment End Date (specified in the column "Interest Period End 
Date(s)") falling at the end of the relevant Interest Period. 
(A) 
Fixed Interest Rate 
The "Fixed Interest Rate" in respect of each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Specified Fixed Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such Specified Fixed Rate for such Interest Period), and further multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such Specified Fixed Rate for such Interest Period). 
(B) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant 
Fixed Interest Rate to:  
(1) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global 
Registered Note Certificate; or  
(2) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount,  
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and (II) where the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply, 
multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Rate, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes and determination of Forward 
Rates 
(i) 
Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 564 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
564 
 
The Floating Rate Note Provisions apply to the Notes if specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms 
of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("Floating Rate Notes"). 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Issue Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or 
about such Interest Payment Date. The Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Floating Rate Note Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be equal to the Floating Interest Rate. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified 
in any other Valuation and Settlement Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
a "Floating Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(1) to 5(b)(i)(5), as applicable. 
A different Floating Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or a relevant day (such 
day, a "Relevant Day") will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or 
Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
Screen Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Screen Rate).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (1), the "Screen Rate" for any Interest 
Period or any Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of

--- Page 565 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
565 
 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered 
quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, the following 
provisions (the "SRD Fallback Provisions") will apply if the Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW: 
(i) 
The Determination Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Determination Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question.  
(ii) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Determination 
Agent with offered quotations, the Screen Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period or the Relevant Day shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the offered quotations for the Reference Rate, all as determined by 
the Determination Agent. 
(iii) 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Determination Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Screen Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period or the Relevant Day shall be the rate 
per annum which the Determination Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Determination Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the relevant Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the relevant Reference Rate Interbank Market or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Determination Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the relevant 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates (rounded as provided below) for deposits in the relevant 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Determination Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the relevant Reference Rate Interbank 
Market 
(iv) 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Screen Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of these SRD Fallback 
Provisions, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions the Screen Rate shall be determined as such rate as is 
determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
If a Reference Rate to which Screen Rate Determination applies is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, ROBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the

--- Page 566 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
566 
 
Screen Rate (and the relevant Reference Rate) in respect of such Notes will 
be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided 
above, the Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the 
Issuer of any such Screen Rate so determined as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in any event, prior to the date on which any relevant amount 
is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and the Determination Agent shall not be responsible 
to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third 
party as a result of the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable) having acted on any quotation given by any Reference Bank. 
"Reference Rate Interbank Market" means (i) the London interbank market 
(if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), (ii) the Euro-zone interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), (iii) the Stockholm interbank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR), (iv) the Oslo interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR), (v) the Copenhagen interbank market (if the Reference Rate 
is CIBOR), (vi) the Bucharest interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
ROBOR), (vii) the Tokyo interbank market (if the Reference Rate is TIBOR), 
(viii) the Hong Kong interbank market (if the Reference Rate is HIBOR), (ix) 
the Sydney interbank market (if the Reference Rate is BBSW), (x) the New 
Zealand interbank market (if the Reference Rate is BKBM) or (xi) any 
relevant interbank market as determined by the Determination Agent (if the 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms is a rate other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, ROBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM). 
(2) 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination 
Where USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or a 
Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be the Reference Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Reference Rate), 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Reference Rate). For each Interest 
Period or Relevant Day, the Reference Rate will equal the rate appearing on 
the relevant Page at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or Relevant Day, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, the following 
provisions (the "USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions") will apply if the 
Reference Rate cannot be determined on any Interest Determination Date, and 
the Determination Agent will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
(I) 
The Determination Agent (after consultation with the Issuer) will 
select the Reference Banks. 
(II) 
The Determination Agent will request that the Reference Banks 
provide their offered quotations to prime banks in the London 
interbank market at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. These quotations shall be for 
deposits in USD for the period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, commencing on the relevant date. 
Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount equal to at 
least USD1,000,000.

--- Page 567 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
567 
 
(A) 
If two or more quotations are provided, the Reference Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period or Relevant Day will be the 
arithmetic average of those quotations. 
(B) 
If fewer than two quotations are provided, the 
Determination Agent (after consultation with the Issuer) 
will select three major banks in New York City and follow 
the steps in the two paragraphs below. 
(III) 
The Determination Agent will then determine the Reference Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period or Relevant Day as the arithmetic 
average of rates quoted by those three major banks in New York City 
to leading European banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York 
City time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date. The rates 
quoted will be for loans in USD for the period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, commencing on the 
relevant date. Rates quoted must be based on a principal amount of 
at least USD1,000,000. 
(IV) 
If fewer than three New York City banks selected by the 
Determination Agent are quoting rates, then notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions the Reference Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period or Relevant Day will be such rate as is 
determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the Reference Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided 
above, the Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the 
Issuer of any such Reference Rate so determined as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in any event, prior to the date on which any relevant amount 
is to be determined.  
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third 
party as a result of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as 
applicable, having acted on any quotation given by any Reference Bank. 
(3) 
ISDA Determination 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate) and multiplied by 
the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (3), "ISDA Rate" for any Interest 
Period means the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions")) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:

--- Page 568 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
568 
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate 
cannot be determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with the 
above provisions and prior to the application of fallbacks in the ISDA 
Definitions (including where applicable any Reference Dealer quotations or 
fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new IBOR fallbacks)) 
then, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25 and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions and the date on which any ISDA Rate is to be 
determined shall be an "Interest Determination Date". 
(4) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA (the "SONIA Floating 
Rate") as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or 
minus (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
SONIA Floating Rate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest 
Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such SONIA Floating Rate).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, "Compounded Daily SONIA" 
means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.0000005 being rounded upwards): 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as follows:

--- Page 569 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
569 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−5𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a 
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"SONIAi" or "SONIA rate", in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in 
the relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking

--- Page 570 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
570 
 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
"SONIAi-5LBD" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day falling five 
London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately 
following the London Banking Day falling five London Banking Days prior 
to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
 means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 
1]. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the 
relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
(i)(A) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (B) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days 
on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those spreads) and the 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank 
of England at close of business on such day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it 
is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the 
SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. The 
application of the provisions in this paragraph ("SFRD (Non-Index) 
Fallback Provisions") shall always be subject to Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 25. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to 
the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant 
time on the relevant determination dates specified below (the "SONIA

--- Page 571 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
571 
 
Compounded Index") and the following formula (the "SONIA Index 
Floating Rate"). Such Floating Interest Rate will be plus or minus (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Index 
Floating Rate) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA =  
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the Final Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, the following 
provisions (the "SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions") will apply if in respect 
of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has 
not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator 
(or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant 
website is not available. In these circumstances, the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
(5) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, 
the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR (the "SOFR Floating Rate") plus or minus (if any 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SOFR Floating 
Rate) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where:

--- Page 572 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
572 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Issue Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Issue Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of 
calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period;  
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx"), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured 
overnight financing ("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate 
(the "New York Federal Reserve's Website") (in each case, on or about 5:00 
p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or

--- Page 573 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
573 
 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined 
and Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be calculated by reference to the following formula and 
based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the "SOFR Index Floating 
Rate") and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or 
.09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% 
(or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Floating 
Interest Rate will be plus or minus (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such SOFR Index Floating Rate) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR =  
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or any successor 
administrator of such index) as such index appears on the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website or the website of any successor administrator for the 
publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant 
Final Interest Period End Date; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 574 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
574 
 
(iii) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25, the following 
provisions (the "SOFR Fallback Provisions") will apply if in respect of any 
relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has 
not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator 
(or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant 
website is not available. In these circumstances, the relevant SOFR or SOFR 
Index value, as applicable, will be the last such value provided for the SOFR 
or SOFR Index as applicable. 
(ii) 
CMS Interest Linked Notes 
The CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions apply to the Notes if specified to apply in 
the applicable Issue Terms or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the 
terms of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("CMS Interest Linked Notes"). 
Each CMS Interest Linked Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date(s) to which the 
CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms).  
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or 
about such Interest Payment Date. The Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date to which the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions apply 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be equal to the CMS Interest Rate. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date) is specified in any other Valuation and Settlement 
Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "CMS Interest Rate", the relevant 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii). 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
"Single CMS Interest Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest 
Period or any relevant day will be equal to the CMS Reference Rate, plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period 
or any relevant day will be equal to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 
plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 
1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS 
Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
Margin 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such

--- Page 575 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
575 
 
CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate 2). Where foregoing (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will 
be the relevant CMS Interest Rate.  
(C) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period 
or any relevant day will be equal to the difference between (1) CMS 
Reference Rate 1, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), MINUS (2) CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and 
multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(D) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions 
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to 
determine such CMS Reference Rate), if a Page for such Relevant Swap Rate 
is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three 
quotations are provided, the relevant CMS Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period or day shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of a CMS 
Reference Rate, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii)(D)" and the Relevant Swap Rate 
specified is: (a) EUR Swap Rate, the principal office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Euro-zone interbank market; (b) GBP Swap Rate, the principal 
London office of five leading swap dealers in the London interbank market, 
(c) USD Swap Rate, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City interbank market, or (d) Mid-Market Swap 
Rate, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market, in each case as 
selected by the Calculation Agent; or (ii) such leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations of the Relevant 
Swap Rate (used to determine a CMS Reference Rate) as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the relevant CMS Reference Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with standard market practice. 
(iii) 
Forward Rate Notes 
If a Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Forward Rate, 
the "Forward Rate" for an Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by requesting each of the Forward Rate Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Implied Forward Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest

--- Page 576 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
576 
 
Determination Date in question. If five of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with offered quotations, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent and the Forward Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided below) of such offered quotations.  
If four or three of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Forward Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations for the Forward 
Rate. If fewer than three Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Forward Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, having regard to comparable benchmarks then available. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Calculation Agent having 
acted on any quotation given by any Reference Bank. 
"Forward Rate Reference Banks" means the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of five major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Implied Forward Rate" means, at any time, the implied forward rate representing 
the then current expectations of the future interest rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
(i) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
If a Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for an Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date), then if the Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period and/or such day calculated in accordance with the other terms of this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule would otherwise be (1) greater than such 
Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Maximum Interest Rate, or (2) 
less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Minimum Interest 
Rate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Notes are New York Law Notes and the Principal Amount of the relevant 
Tranche is less than U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), in addition to any Maximum 
Interest Rate as provided above, where the Interest Rate is other than a fixed rate of 
interest, the Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted 
by applicable law. 
(ii) 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
If a Maximum Reference Rate or Minimum Reference Rate (or both) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms for a Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
any relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date), then if the Reference Rate for 
such Interest Period and/or such day calculated in accordance with the other terms of 
this Valuation and Settlement Schedule would otherwise be (1) greater than such 
Maximum Reference Rate, the Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Reference 
Rate, or (2) less than such Minimum Reference Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such 
Minimum Reference Rate.

--- Page 577 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
577 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Reference Rate 
in respect of any Reference Rate for an Interest Period or any relevant day (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Notes are New York Law Notes and the Principal Amount of the relevant 
Tranche is less than U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), in addition to any Maximum 
Reference Rate as provided above, where the Interest Rate is other than a fixed rate of 
interest, the Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted 
by applicable law. 
(d) 
Calculations in respect of Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the "Interest Amount" payable on the Floating Rate Notes 
or the CMS Interest Linked Notes, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Note 
Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by 
the Accrual Rate. The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note, is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
(e) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date or, as applicable, all the Interest 
Determination Dates relevant for the determination of the relevant Interest Rate, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Rate so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under General Condition 9 (Events of Default), 
the interest (if any) and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. 
(f) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.

--- Page 578 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
578 
 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination or USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or in the case of CMS 
Interest Linked Notes) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if there is no rate 
available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the following terms shall have the respective 
meanings set out below (and for the avoidance of doubt, the following terms apply to Notes 
other than Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes where the 
context requires): 
"Accrual Rate" shall be determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 
(Range Accrual Notes). 
"CMS Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes). 
"CMS Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, the Relevant 
Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Page as at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"CMS Reference Rate 1" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1". 
"CMS Reference Rate 2" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 2". 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(I) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or

--- Page 579 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
579 
 
(II) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in 
a leap year, 366; 
(E) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(F) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, 
Inflation Rate Notes or DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(G) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 580 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
580 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(H) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(I) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
or

--- Page 581 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
581 
 
(J) 
"1/1" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1. 
"Designated Maturity" means, (i) for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference 
Rate, a period of time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such 
CMS Reference Rate, and (ii) for any other purposes, a period of time specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Determination Agent" means the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the 
Issuer and specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor or replacement 
entity appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
"Final Interest Period End Date" means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of 
any Interest Period, the date an Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or such 
Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes). 
"Interest Basis Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes have more 
than one interest basis, an Interest Commencement Date will be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of each such interest basis. 
"Interest Determination Date" means if the applicable Issue Terms specify: (i) "Daily Rate 
Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any relevant day, the Interest 
Determination Date shall be such relevant day, or (ii) "Periodic Rate Determination" to be 
applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any Interest Period, the Interest Determination 
Date shall be any date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if the applicable Issue 
Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h)": 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the start of each Interest 
Period;  
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(C) 
if the Reference Rate is (i) (a) the SONIA Floating Rate, the fifth London Banking Day 
prior to the end of each Interest Period, or (b) the SONIA Index Floating Rate, the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date, or (ii) (a) the SOFR Floating Rate, the Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
(b) the SOFR Index Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date; 
(D) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR, the second TARGET Business 
Day prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 582 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
582 
 
(E) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the second 
day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest 
Period; 
(F) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the second 
day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest 
Period; 
(G) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first day 
of each Interest Period; 
(H) 
if the Reference Rate is the Romanian interbank offered rate (ROBOR), the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Bucharest prior to the start of each Interest 
Period; 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(J) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the first day 
of each Interest Period; 
(K) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first day of 
each Interest Period; or 
(L) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), the first 
day of each Interest Period, 
and, where the applicable Issue Terms specify one or more Reference Rates for an Interest 
Period or a relevant day or different Reference Rates for different Interest Periods or days, the 
Interest Determination Date will be construed in respect of each Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period or day. 
"Interest Participation Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a 
"Relevant Rate") for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount or percentage rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day 
and/or such Interest Period, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
amount or percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Interest 
Participation Rate" in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified 
in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is 
scheduled to fall, PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Interest Participation 
Rate to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to be equal to one. Where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify more than one Interest Participation Rate for different Relevant Rates, the Interest 
Participation Rate will be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day 
(including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest Period. 
"Interest Participation Rate 1" means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 1. 
"Interest Participation Rate 2" means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 2. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period

--- Page 583 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
583 
 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes are redeemed 
early other than on a scheduled date for redemption. 
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Rate" means (i) Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) Floating Interest Rate, (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, or (iv) any other rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein or specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than one Interest Rate is so specified, the Interest 
Rate shall be the rate specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Margin" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a "Relevant Rate") 
for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, 
which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (PROVIDED THAT if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it 
shall be deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" (which shall 
be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day 
or corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which 
such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
more than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to 
each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each 
Interest Period. 
"Margin 1" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin 2" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Interest Rate" in 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall, 
provided in respect of Notes which are New York Law Notes, the Maximum Interest Rate shall 
be subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York.  
"Maximum Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Interest Rate" in

--- Page 584 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
584 
 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Minimum Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall 
"Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, such display page as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of providing such Reference Rate, or (i) any successor 
display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially 
designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially 
designated a successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider (as 
the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, information vendor or 
provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from the 
sponsor). 
"Rate Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(h)" and (a) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London interbank market; (b) in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market; (c) in the case of a determination of BBSW, the financial institutions 
authorised to quote on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page; (d) in the case of a determination of 
BKBM, four major banks in the New Zealand money market; or (ii) in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM or a CMS 
Reference Rate, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Determination 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or (iii) in the case of a determination of a 
CMS Reference Rate, "Reference Banks" is as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes) above. 
"Reference Currency" means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference 
Rate. 
"Reference Rate" shall be as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25(b).  
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h)": (a) London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, 
(b) Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, (c) Stockholm, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, (d) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (e) Copenhagen, 
in the case of a determination of CIBOR, (f) Bucharest, in the case of a determination in 
ROBOR, (g) Tokyo, in the case of a determination of TIBOR, (h) Hong Kong, in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, (i) Sydney, in the case of a determination of BBSW and (j) 
Wellington, in the case of a determination of BKBM, or (ii) such other centre as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
"EUR Swap Rate", the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period or on any relevant day and in a Representative Amount with an

--- Page 585 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
585 
 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined above)) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
"GBP Swap Rate", the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period or on any relevant day and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of 
six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA 
with a designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
"USD Swap Rate", the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period or on any relevant day and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate", the mid-market swap rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with standard market practice. 
"Relevant Time" means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
time in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Time" means, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(h)", (a) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (b) in the case of 
EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (c) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (d) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 
noon, (e) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (f) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (g) in the 
case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., and (h) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (i) in the case of BBSW, 
10.00 a.m. or (j) in the case of BKBM, 11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, 
or (ii) the time in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities. 
6. 
Range Accrual Notes 
(a) 
Accrual Rate 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply to the Notes 
("Range Accrual Notes"), then the "Accrual Rate" for each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 586 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
586 
 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap] 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Accrual Factor" means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
days accrued
days observed 
"RA Factor" means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" apply: 
(A) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100%; or 
(B) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, the 
Accrual Factor; or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes) shall have the meanings given 
to such terms in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"Adj" means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Adj is Not Applicable, Adj shall be zero. 
"Accrual Condition" has the meaning given in paragraph (b) below. 
"Accrual Condition 1" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) below as though each reference therein to: 
(a) "Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 1", (b) "Reference Observation" 
was a reference to "Reference Observation 1", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 1", (d) 
"Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 1", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to 
"Upper Range 1". 
"Accrual Condition 2" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) below as though each reference therein to: 
(a) "Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 2", (b) "Reference Observation" 
was a reference to "Reference Observation 2", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 2", (d) 
"Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 2", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to 
"Upper Range 2". 
"Accrual Condition 3" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) below as though each reference therein to: 
(a) "Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 3", (b) "Reference Observation" 
was a reference to "Reference Observation 3", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 3", (d) 
"Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 3", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to 
"Upper Range 3". 
"Accrual Days" means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an "Accrual Day"). 
"Barrier" has the meaning given in paragraph (e) below. 
"Barrier 1" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Barrier" shall be construed as to include a reference 
to "Barrier 1".

--- Page 587 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
587 
 
"Barrier 2" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Barrier" shall be construed as to include a reference 
to "Barrier 2". 
"Barrier 3" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Barrier" shall be construed as to include a reference 
to "Barrier 3". 
"days accrued" means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Accrual Condition is satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both satisfied on the related Interest 
Observation Date; and 
(iii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Triple Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3 are all satisfied on the 
related Interest Observation Date. 
"days observed" means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"Interest Observation Date" has the meaning given in paragraph (f) below. 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent.. 
"Lower Range" has the meaning given in paragraph (e) below. 
"Lower Range 1" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Lower Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Lower Range 1". 
"Lower Range 2" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Lower Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Lower Range 2". 
"Lower Range 3" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Lower Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Lower Range 3". 
"Max" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater 
of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"RA Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Cap is Not Applicable, the RA Cap 
shall be infinity. 
"RA Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Floor is Not Applicable, the RA Floor 
shall be zero. 
"Reference Observation" has the meaning given in paragraph (c) below.

--- Page 588 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
588 
 
"Reference Observation 1" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1". 
"Reference Observation 2" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 2". 
"Reference Observation 3" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 3". 
"Upper Range" has the meaning given in paragraph (e) below. 
"Upper Range 1" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Upper Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Upper Range 1". 
"Upper Range 2" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Upper Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Upper Range 2". 
"Upper Range 3" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Upper Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Upper Range 3". 
(b) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
"Accrual Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest Observation 
Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(i) 
if "Greater than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, greater than the Barrier; 
(ii) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(iii) 
if "Less than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, less than the Barrier; 
(iv) 
if "Less than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(v) 
if a "Lower Range" and an "Upper Range" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and:  
(A) 
if the "Lower Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Greater than the Lower Range", greater than the Lower Range, or 
(2) 
"Greater than or equal to the Lower Range", greater than or equal to 
the Lower Range; and 
(B) 
if the "Upper Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Less than the Upper Range", less than the Upper Range; or 
(2) 
"Less than or equal to the Upper Range", less than or equal to the 
Upper Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein.

--- Page 589 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
589 
 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The "Reference Observation" shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be 
expressed as: 
(i) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two; or 
(ii) 
the sum of the Reference Rate Ones minus the sum of the Reference Rate Twos; or 
(iii) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates; or 
(iv) 
 the Underlying Closing Level of the specified FX Rate, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, then a 
"Reference Observation" on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed as: 
(i) 
if "Any" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "any Reference Rate" or 
(ii) 
if "All" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "each of the Reference Rates", 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
"Reference Rate Ones" means each of the Reference Rates specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below (each, a "Reference Rate 
One"). 
"Reference Rate Twos" means each of the Reference Rates specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below (each, a "Reference Rate 
Two"). 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), Reference Rate One and Reference 
Rate Two are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether each 
Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination will apply, or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) a Spread 
Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any 
Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Note 
Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case 
in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS 
Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each 
case as contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms.  
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), 
each Reference Rate shall also be a "Rate" as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions). 
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(i) 
Barrier

--- Page 590 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
590 
 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper Range may 
apply to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary 
between different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual Day falling during 
such Interest Period, the relevant "Interest Observation Date" shall be such Accrual Day or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Observation Date or is a Reference Observation Disrupted Day, 
the immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date for such Reference Observation which 
is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day for such Reference Observation,  
PROVIDED THAT the Interest Observation Date for each Accrual Day from (and including) 
the Accrual Cut-off Date to but (excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period shall be the Interest Observation Date for the Accrual Cut-Off Date. Each 
such Interest Observation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 4 
(FX Rate Conditions). 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the same day as the 
Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Accrual Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day Centre specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" is specified to be or to include: 
(i) "U.S. Government Securities Business Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be any 
day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) 
"TARGET", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
"Accrual Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest Period End Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Period. 
"Reference Observation Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Reference Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference 
Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions)) for 
any of the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference 
Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation; or

--- Page 591 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
591 
 
(ii) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a Scheduled 
Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions))) for such 
FX Rate. 
"Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date" means such number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(g) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate applicable to each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be 
specified in applicable Issue Terms, and may be specified as any of the following (i) Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) Floating Interest Rate or (iii) CMS Interest Rate. 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Notes will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date to which the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms). Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date 
falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a Fixed Interest Rate, the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are deemed to apply and each Range 
Accrual Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note. Interest payable on each Range Accrual Note will 
be determined and calculated in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) 
(Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified 
"Accrual" to be applicable. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a Floating Interest Rate, the Floating Rate Note Provisions are deemed to apply and each 
Range Accrual Note will also be a Floating Rate Note. The Interest Amount payable on each 
Range Accrual Note will be determined and calculated in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes). 
CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a CMS Interest Rate, the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions are deemed to apply and 
each Range Accrual Note will also be a CMS Interest Linked Note. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual Note will be determined and calculated in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes). 
(h) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Range Accrual Notes as if expressly set out 
herein.   
(i) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount

--- Page 592 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
592 
 
If any Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, then if the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Payment Date is: (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, the Maximum Interest Amount shall be 
subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York, or (2) less than such 
Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount.  
If more than one Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for different Interest Payment Dates, then if the Interest Amount 
for an Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than the Maximum Interest Amount specified for 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, or 
(2) is less than such Minimum Interest Amount specified for such Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
If the Notes are New York Law Notes and the Principal Amount of the relevant Tranche is less 
than U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), where the interest rate on which the Interest Amount is 
calculated is based on other than a fixed rate of interest, such interest rate on which the Interest 
Amount is calculated will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable 
law. 
(j) 
Range Accrual Table 
If Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier"; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Lower Range"; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Upper Range";  
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Observation" and if the Reference Observation is not 
expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, Reference Rate One or 
Reference Rate Two will be specified in the Reference Observation Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Rate(s)" (or if applicable, the columns entitled "Reference 
Rate One(s)" and "Reference Rate Two(s)");  
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the Range 
Accrual Table in the column entitled "Interest Rate"; and 
(F) 
the relevant "Lev", "Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" for such 
Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the applicable column, 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End 
Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Range Accrual Table" means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Observation Table" means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
7. 
Digital Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Digital Notes

--- Page 593 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
593 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Digital Note Provisions to be applicable to the Notes 
("Digital Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Digital Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest 
Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Note Provisions apply (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) will either be: 
(i) 
the Back Up Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Reference Rate as of the Digital Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate Reference 
in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Reserve Rate; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Reserve 
Rate; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate Reference in 
the applicable Issue Terms, less than the Reserve Rate; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Reserve 
Rate, 
the Digital Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement Condition 5, the 
Back Up Rate, the Digital Reference Rate, the Reserve Rate (including each Specified Rate (as 
defined below) and the Digital Rate are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify whether such Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination will apply, (iii) a CMS 
Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread Reference 
Rate or (vii) the Underlying Closing Level of the specified FX Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including any Back Up Rate, the Digital Reference Rate, the 
Reserve Rate (and/or any Specified Rate) and/or the Digital Rate), depending on which one of 
(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for 
such Reference Rate, including any Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Spread Note Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate, Spread Reference Rate or FX Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where a Digital Reference Rate is specified as an FX Rate, the Digital Determination Date shall 
be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate 
Conditions). 
The Reserve Rate may also be the sum of more than one rate (each a "Specified Rate") or one 
rate less another rate (each a "Specified Rate"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including any Back Up Rate, the Digital 
Reference Rate, the Reserve Rate (and/or any Specified Rate) and/or the Digital Rate) is to be 
determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate or FX Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate 
or FX Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions or 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions), shall also apply in relation to the determination 
of such Reference Rate(s), as applicable.

--- Page 594 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
594 
 
A different Back Up Rate, Digital Reference Rate, Reserve Rate and/or Digital Rate may apply 
in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Digital Notes 
Each Digital Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest will be determined and calculated 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate 
Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Digital 
Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Digital Notes will bear 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrears on each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to 
which the Digital Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). Such 
Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment 
Date. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions) shall apply to Digital Notes as if 
expressly set out herein.  
(d) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Digital Notes as if expressly set out herein.   
8. 
Digital Band Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Digital Band Notes 
If the Issue Terms specify Digital Band Note Provisions to be applicable to the Notes ("Digital 
Band Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Digital Band Interest Rate") in respect of each 
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Band Note Provisions apply 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
where "Reference Rate Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
by reference to within which band of specified rates (the "Band") set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the reference rate (the "Reference Rate") specified as 
applicable for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date on the Interest 
Determination Date specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest Determination 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, falls; or 
(ii) 
where "Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, by reference to within which band of specified rates (the 
"Band") set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the result (the "Result") of the reference 
rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms as "Reference Rate One" minus the 
reference rate specified in the applicable issue Terms as "Reference Rate Two", in each 
case as specified as applicable for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date 
on the Interest Determination Date specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Determination Date in the applicable Issue Terms, falls. 
In each case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period 
will be the rate of interest specified in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be a Fixed Interest 
Rate, a Floating Interest Rate, a CMS Interest Rate or a rate equal to Band Rate One minus Band 
Rate Two, and plus or minus a Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to such rate) as the "Band Rate" for the Band in which, in the case of sub-paragraph (i) 
above, the Reference Rate falls or, in the case of sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Result falls. The 
applicable Issue Terms will specify for each Band (each of which will be numerically identified 
as "Band 1" or "Band 2" etc. as necessary) the appropriate Band Rate for the relevant Band.

--- Page 595 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
595 
 
(b) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), the Reference Rate, Reference Rate 
One and/or Reference Rate Two, as applicable, are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable 
Issue Terms will specify whether such Reference Rate is (i) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination will apply; (ii) a CMS Interest Rate; or (iii) 
the Underlying Closing Level of the specified FX Rate. 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), the Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or 
Band Rate Two, as applicable, are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify whether such Reference Rate is (i) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination will apply; or (ii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including any Reference Rate One, Reference Rate Two, 
Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or Band Rate Two, as applicable), depending on which one of 
(i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, 
including the Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate in each case in accordance with 
the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where a Reference Rate is an FX Rate, an Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be a 
Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions).  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including any Reference Rate One, 
Reference Rate Two, Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or Band Rate Two, as applicable) will be 
determined by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS 
Interest Rate or FX Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate or FX Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions or 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) shall also apply in relation to the determination of 
such Reference Rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate, Reference Rate One and/or Reference Rate Two, as applicable, may 
apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. In addition, a different Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or Band Rate 
Two, as applicable, may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Digital Band Notes 
Each Digital Band Note for which the Band Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate will also be a Fixed 
Rate Note and interest will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable 
Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Digital Band Interest Rate was a Fixed 
Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Digital Band Notes for which the Band Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest 
Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions applicable to Digital 
Band Notes 
Each Digital Band Note for which the Band Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest 
Rate or determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS 
Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Note or CMS Interest Linked Note (as applicable), and

--- Page 596 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
596 
 
interest will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes) or 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes), as applicable and in the 
applicable Issue Terms as though the Band Rate was a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable. As with all Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes, Digital 
Band Notes for which the Band Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate or 
determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such 
interest (an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  Such Interest Amount will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the 
Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Digital Band Notes as if expressly set out 
herein.   
(f) 
Definitions 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions) shall apply to Digital Band Notes as if 
expressly set out herein.   
9. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions to be applicable 
to the Notes ("Inverse Floating Rate Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be 
a fixed interest rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Inverse Fixed Rate") minus 
the Inverse Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (Inverse Floating Interest Rate) (if any specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate) (if any specified in the applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The "Inverse Reference Rate" means a rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which may be (A) one reference rate (a "Specified Rate") or (B) one reference rate (a "Specified 
Rate 1") minus another reference rate (a "Specified Rate 2", and together with Specified Rate 
1, each a "Specified Rate"). The applicable Issue Terms will also specify in relation to each 
Specified Rate whether it is: (i) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination 
or ISDA Determination will apply, or (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iii) a Spread Interest Rate, 
(iv) a Relevant Spread Rate, or (v) a Spread Reference Rate. 
For the purposes of applying Valuation and Settlement Conditions 5(b) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes and determination of Forward Rates) and 10 (Spread 
Notes), each reference to "Specified Rate" shall be construed as a reference to a "Reference 
Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of Specified Rate 
In relation to the Inverse Reference Rate (and each Specified Rate), depending on which one of 
(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above is specified in relation to such Specified Rate, the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify in relation to such Specified Rate, all the relevant terms for such Inverse 
Reference Rate or Specified Rate, including for the Inverse Reference Rate and each Specified 
Rate, the Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread 
Note Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate in each 
case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, 
Spread Interest Rate, a Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 597 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
597 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Inverse Reference Rate and/or a Specified Rate is 
determined by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in 
relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Inverse Fixed Rate, Inverse Reference Rate and/or Specified Rate may apply in 
respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions applicable to Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes 
Each Inverse Floating Rate Note for which any Specified Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or a 
CMS Interest Rate or determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest 
Rate or a CMS Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Note or CMS Interest Linked Note (as 
applicable), and interest will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes) or 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes), as 
applicable and in the applicable Issue Terms as though the Specified Rate was a Floating Interest 
Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as applicable.  
As with all Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
for which a Specified Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate or determined by 
reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate (as 
applicable) will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such 
interest (an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions) shall apply to Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes as if expressly set out herein.  
(d) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Inverse Floating Rate Notes as if expressly 
set out herein.  
10. 
Spread Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Spread Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Spread Note Provisions to be applicable to the Notes 
(the "Spread Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Spread Interest Rate") in respect of each 
Interest Period to which the Spread Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) will be the Relevant Spread Rate in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
The "Relevant Spread Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Option One" is specified to be applicable, an amount equal to (A) one (1), minus 
(B) the result of Spread Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or  
(ii) 
if "No Option One" is specified to be applicable, an amount equal to (A) Spread Rate 
1, minus (B) Spread Rate 2; or  
(iii) 
if "Spread Cap" is specified to be applicable, an amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 598 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
598 
 
Min[(Rate X ± Spread Cap Margin); (V% + {Multiplier × [Rate Y −Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Spread Interest 
Rate", "Relevant Spread Rate" or "Spread Reference Rate", the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
10, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
"Margin (Spread Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Spread Rate. 
"Min" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate X" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the "Spread Cap" formula 
shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Rate Y" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the "Spread Cap" formula 
shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Rate Z" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the "Spread Cap" formula 
shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Spread Cap Margin" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest Period, the 
Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum 
preceded by a "+" (plus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "+ Spread 
Cap Margin", and (ii) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "‒" 
(minus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (iii) 
of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "‒ Spread Cap Margin". 
"Spread Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate.

--- Page 599 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
599 
 
"Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 3" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 3 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"V%" means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The "Spread Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two.  
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Where: 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, in each case, as contained 
in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in 
relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 600 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
600 
 
(e) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Spread Notes 
Each Spread Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on Spread Notes will be 
determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual 
applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be 
applicable and the Spread Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, 
Spread Notes will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such 
interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the 
Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(f) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Spread Notes as if expressly set out herein, 
and for the purposes hereof, each Spread Reference Rate, Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 and 
Spread Rate 3 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate".  
11. 
Volatility Bond Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Volatility Bond Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Volatility Bond Note Provisions to be applicable to 
the Notes (the "Volatility Bond Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate") in respect of each Interest Period to which the Volatility Bond Note Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be the Relevant Volatility Bond Rate in respect of 
such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin 
(Volatility Bond Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The "Relevant Volatility Bond Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
Abs [Volatility Bond Rate 1 - Volatility Bond Rate 2] 
(b) 
Shout Option 
If "Shout Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Noteholders of 
all the outstanding Notes may give notice of their exercise of the Shout Option in respect of an 
Interest Period to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions below 
prior to the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Shout Option Cut-off Time") on 
a Relevant Business Day during the relevant Shout Period (the date on which the Shout Option 
is validly exercised, the "Shout Option Date"). On the valid exercise of such Shout Option, the 
Calculation Agent will determine in its discretion the implied forward rate for the Reference 
Rate(s) comprising Volatility Bond Rate 1 or, if any such Reference Rate(s) are Forward Rates, 
shall determine such Forward Rates, on such Shout Option Date at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate (the "Shout Forward 
Rate(s)") and shall determine Volatility Bond Rate 1 for the relevant Interest Period by 
reference to such Shout Forward Rate(s) in place of the relevant Reference Rate(s). Following 
determination of the relevant Shout Forward Rate(s) by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall 
notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) of such Forward 
Rate(s) and the Volatility Bond Rate 1 for the relevant Interest Period. 
Any such Shout Option may only be validly exercised on one occasion during the Shout Period 
for a relevant Interest Period but may be exercised in respect of more than one Interest Period 
for which the Volatility Bond Note Provisions are applicable.

--- Page 601 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
601 
 
In order to validly exercise the Shout Option in respect of an Interest Period, the holders of 100 
per cent. of the Notes must, prior to the Shout Option Cut-off Time on any Relevant Business 
Day in the relevant Shout Period, give notice in writing to the Issuer by hand, mail or e-mail in 
accordance with the relevant contact details specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, in respect 
of Exempt Notes, in such other manner as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Each holder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the relevant Notes 
which, (i) in the case of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, may be in 
the form of certification from the relevant clearing system and, if applicable, the custodian with 
whom such holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes or (ii) in the case of 
Notes in definitive form which are held outside the Relevant Clearing Systems, may be satisfied 
by delivery of the Note(s) held by such holder together with the relevant notice or (iii) may be 
in any other appropriate manner determined by the Issuer. 
Any such notice shall be effective when received by the Issuer and the Calculation Agent. If 
any such notice is received by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
provisions after the Shout Option Cut-off Time on any Relevant Business Day or on any day 
that is not a Relevant Business Day, such notice shall be deemed to be effective prior to the 
Shout Option Cut-off Time on the next following Relevant Business Day.  
If notice is received from less than 100 per cent. of the holders of the Notes outstanding on the 
applicable Relevant Business Day, any such notice shall not be effective and the Shout Option 
will not be exercised. 
(c) 
Definitions 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 11 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Abs" means, when followed by an equation inside brackets, the absolute value of the result of 
the relevant equation, being the resulting positive percentage without regard to its sign (e.g. the 
absolute value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per cent. and the absolute value of 19 per cent. 
would also be 19 per cent.). 
"Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate))" means, in respect of a Relevant 
Volatility Bond Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Volatility Bond Rate. 
"Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Volatility Bond Rate 
for an Interest Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding 
to such Relevant Volatility Bond Rate. 
"Relevant Business Day" means, in respect of a Shout Period, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Relevant Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if "Relevant Business Centre" is specified 
to be or to include: (a) U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then "Relevant Business Day" 
shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) 
TARGET, then "Relevant Business Day" shall also be a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
"Shout Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period and Volatility Bond Rate 1 in respect of 
such Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the last occurring Interest Determination 
Date in respect of the Reference Rate(s) comprising Volatility Bond Rate 2 to (but excluding) 
the first occurring Interest Determination Date in respect of the Reference Rate(s) comprising 
Volatility Bond Rate 1. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and subject as provided in 
paragraph (b) above, a Volatility Bond Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue

--- Page 602 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
602 
 
Terms, plus or minus any Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Margin, and multiplied by any Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(d) 
Determination of Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
The "Volatility Bond Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two.  
Different Volatility Bond Reference Rate(s) (if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Where: 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (e) below. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (e) below. 
(e) 
Determination of Reference Rate  
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate; (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; (iii) a CMS Interest Rate or (iv) a Forward Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is 
specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation 
to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS Interest Linked Notes or Forward Rate Notes, in 
each case, as contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions or the provisions 
relating to Forward Rate Notes, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions 
relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate or Forward Rate, as applicable, as

--- Page 603 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
603 
 
contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in relation to the 
determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
Different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Volatility Bond Notes 
Each Volatility Bond Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on Volatility 
Bond Notes will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue 
Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Volatility Bond Interest Rate was a Fixed 
Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Volatility Bond Notes will bear interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Volatility Bond Notes as if expressly set 
out herein, and for the purposes hereof, each Volatility Bond Reference Rate, Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 and Volatility Bond Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate".  
12. 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions to be 
applicable to the Notes (the "Synthetic Forward Rate Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the 
"Synthetic Forward Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period to which the Synthetic 
Forward Rate Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be the 
Relevant SF Rate in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the Margin (SF Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The "Relevant SF Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option One" is specified to be applicable, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(SF Rate 1 x Rate 1) −(SF Rate 2 x Rate 2)
(SF Rate 1 −SF Rate 2)
; or 
(ii) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option Two" is specified to be applicable, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Rate 1 + [Rate 1 x (1 + Rate 1)𝑥] − [Rate 2 x (1 + Rate 2)𝑦]; or 
(iii) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option Three" is specified to be applicable, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Annuity Rate 1; Lev × Annuity Rate 2) × Rate 1] −[Annuity Rate 2 × Rate 2]
𝑀𝑎𝑥(Annuity Rate 1; Lev × Annuity Rate 2) −Annuity Rate 2

--- Page 604 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
604 
 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a " Synthetic 
Forward Interest Rate", "Relevant SF Rate" or "SF Reference Rate", the relevant Reference 
Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 12, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to 
"Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 12 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Annuity Rate 1" will be calculated as follows: 
∑
1
(1 + Rate 1)𝑖 𝑡𝑜 𝑥
𝑥
𝑖
 
"Annuity Rate 2" will be calculated as follows: 
∑
1
(1 + Rate 2)𝑖 𝑡𝑜 𝑦
𝑦
𝑖
 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to x or y, as the case may be. 
"Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant SF Rate for 
an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
corresponding to such Relevant SF Rate. 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent.. 
"Margin (SF Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant SF Rate for an Interest Period, a 
Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant SF Rate. 
"max" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater 
of the amounts separated by semi-colons inside those brackets. 
"Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a SF Reference Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a SF Reference Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 605 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
605 
 
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1  𝑥 [1 −
1
(1 + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1)𝑥], 
plus or minus any SF Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any SF Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate. 
"SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2  𝑥 [1 −
1
(1 + 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2)𝑦], 
plus or minus any SF Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any SF Rate 2 Interest Participation 
Rate. 
"SF Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"x" means a number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"y" means a number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of SF Reference Rate 
The "SF Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two.  
A different SF Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference Rates) 
may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where: 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such

--- Page 606 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
606 
 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, in each case, as contained 
in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in 
relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
Each Synthetic Forward Rate Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable 
Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Synthetic Forward Interest Rate was 
a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Synthetic Forward Rate Notes will bear 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an 
"Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(f) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Synthetic Forward Rate Notes as if 
expressly set out herein, and for the purposes hereof, each of SF Reference Rate, SF Rate 1, SF 
Rate 2, Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate". 
13. 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions to be 
applicable to the Notes (the "Previous Coupon Linked Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the 
"Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) (such Interest Period, a "Previous Coupon Linked Period", and such 
Interest Payment Date, a "Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date") shall be an amount equal 
to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date), and further multiplied by 
the Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date). 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a different Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) 
and/or a different Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) for a 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate in respect of different Previous Coupon Linked Periods and/or 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates, the Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) 
and/or Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) shall be construed to

--- Page 607 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
607 
 
apply to such Previous Coupon Reference Rate in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or each Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date.  
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 13 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate)" means, in respect of 
each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the 
Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate)" means, in respect of each Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Margin specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Previous Coupon" means, in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous 
Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate in respect of the 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date immediately 
preceding such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment 
Date, PROVIDED THAT if the interest basis applicable to the Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is not "Previous Coupon Linked Notes", the Previous 
Coupon shall be the Interest Rate determined in accordance with the interest basis applicable to 
such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date (as set out in the Interest Basis Table). 
"Previous Coupon Reference Rate" means, in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period 
and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Previous Coupon, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (i) Rate 1, multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Rate 1 for such Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date), plus or minus (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) (ii) Rate 2, multiplied by Rate 2 Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Rate 2 for such Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date). 
"Rate 1" means, in respect of a Previous Coupon Reference Rate for a Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) Spread Interest Rate, (v) Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) 
a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) any other Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the determination of such Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Rate 1 to be not applicable, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero. If any Rate 1 specified in relation to the determination of a Previous 
Coupon Reference Rate is a different rate in respect of two or more Previous Coupon Linked 
Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates (as applicable), the Rate 1 in respect 
of: (x) each Previous Coupon Linked Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 1" 
in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall; and (y) each Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Rate 1" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date") on which such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Rate 1 Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2" means, in respect of a Previous Coupon Reference Rate for a Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) Spread Interest Rate, (v) Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) 
a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) any other Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable

--- Page 608 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
608 
 
Issue Terms in relation to the determination of such Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Rate 2 to be not applicable, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero. If any Rate 2 specified in relation to the determination of a Previous 
Coupon Reference Rate is a different rate in respect of two or more Previous Coupon Linked 
Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates (as applicable), the Rate 2 in respect 
of: (x) each Previous Coupon Linked Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 2" 
in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall; and (y) each Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Rate 2" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date") on which such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Rate 2 Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
Each Previous Coupon Linked Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii)(B) (Calculation of Interest Amount) above and in the applicable 
Issue Terms. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Previous Coupon Linked Notes will bear interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an 
"Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date.  
(c) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Previous Coupon Linked Notes as if 
expressly set out herein, and for the purposes hereof, each Previous Coupon Reference Rate, 
Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate".  
14. 
FX Performance Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for FX Performance Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "FX Performance Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("FX Performance Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the Interest Rate (the "FX Adjusted 
Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date (n) to which the 
FX Performance Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
ACR x FX Performance 
and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual Coupon 
Rate shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c)(i) 
(Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates) shall be applied to the Actual Coupon Rate only, rather 
than to the FX Adjusted Interest Rate, determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 14.

--- Page 609 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
609 
 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any interest basis, 
other than Fixed Rate Notes where "Accrual" is specified as not applicable, Inflation Rate Notes 
and DIR Inflation Linked Notes, may be specified to be FX Performance Notes. 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 14 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"ACR" or "Actual Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), the Interest Rate otherwise determined for such Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the 
application of the FX Performance Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 14 but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
application of the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions, the Global Interest Floor Note Provisions 
and/or the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date and 
the related FX Performance Valuation Date(s): 
FX Performance 1
FX Performance 2 
and multiplied by the FX Performance Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). 
"FX Performance 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, 
either (i) the FX Performance Rate specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) the FX Performance Rate in respect of FX 
Performance Valuation Date 1 for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date. 
"FX Performance 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, 
either (i) the FX Performance Rate specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) the FX Performance Rate in respect of 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2 for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date. 
"FX Performance Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date 
and a relevant FX Performance Valuation Date, either the rate or amount specified as such for 
such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date or, if no rate or amount is so specified: 
(i) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the relevant FX 
Performance Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the relevant FX Performance Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
where no Underlying is designated to be the relevant FX Performance Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the relevant FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a "mid" rate is specified, 
the average of the FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on 
the FX Perf Designated Page (or such other page or service that may replace the FX 
Perf Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the relevant FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
the FX Perf Designated Time (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on the relevant FX Performance Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (ii) it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s), on such days and by reference to such source(s) as 
it deems appropriate.

--- Page 610 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
610 
 
"Specified FX Performance Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date, any FX Performance Valuation Date 1 and FX Performance Valuation 
Date 2 specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms. In respect of any FX Performance Rate determined by reference to an Underlying which 
is an FX Rate, each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be 
adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each such date, as so specified and/or adjusted, an "FX Performance Valuation 
Date". 
"FX Performance Valuation Date 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Performance Valuation Date 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 14, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate. 
15. 
Reserve Coupon Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Reserve Coupon Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Reserve Coupon Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the Interest Rate (the "Adjusted Interest 
Rate") in respect of each Interest Period (n) to which the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions apply 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
(i) 
in respect of each Interest Period (n), other than the final Interest Period (n) to which 
the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions apply (the "Final Interest Period"): 
Min ([ACRn + TRCn−1]; RCRn) 
(ii) 
in respect of the Final Interest Period: 
ACRn + TRCn 
and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual Coupon 
Rate shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any interest basis, 
other than Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" 
to be not applicable, Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation Linked Notes, may be specified to 
be Reserve Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"ACRn" or "Actual Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to which the 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Interest 
Rate otherwise determined for such Interest Period (n) in accordance with the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 but applied either before or after, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the application of the FX Performance Note Provisions for the 
relevant Interest Period n.

--- Page 611 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
611 
 
"RCRn" or "Reserve Coupon Rate (n)" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), the rate of 
interest specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"TRCn" or "Total Reserve Coupon" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current 
Interest Period "), a rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
TRCn−1 −Max[(AIRn −ACRn); 0] + Max[(ACRn −RCRn); 0] 
PROVIDED THAT, "TRC" for the first Interest Period (n) to which the Reserve Coupon Note 
Provisions apply shall be zero. 
Where: 
"ACRn" means, in respect of the Current Interest Period, the Actual Coupon Rate for such 
Current Interest Period. 
"AIRn" means, in respect of the Current Interest Period, the Adjusted Interest Rate for such 
Current Interest Period. 
"TRCn-1" means, in respect of the Current Interest Period, the Total Reserve Coupon for the 
Interest Period (n) immediately preceding the Current Interest Period.  
(c) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 15, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate. 
16. 
Global Interest Floor Notes 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of Final Interest Period for Global Interest Floor Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Global Interest Floor Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Global Interest Floor Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions (other than Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and the Final Interest Period will 
be an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) 
AIA; plus 
(ii) 
Max [Floor – Sum, 0] 
(the resultant figure being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to 
the Actual Interest Amount shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means the Interest Amount otherwise determined in 
respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and the Final Interest 
Period in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of 
the Global Interest Floor Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 16 
but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application of 
the FX Performance Note Provisions. 
"Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or, if none, the final Interest Period in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 612 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
612 
 
"Floor" means an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the Floor Rate. 
"Floor Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Sum" means an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Actual Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Interest Amount payable in respect of each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Period other than the Final Interest 
Period (or, if "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the sum of the Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in respect of each 
principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Period 
other than the Final Interest Period and, subject to this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 16, payable on the Maturity Date). 
17. 
Global Interest Cap Notes 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Global Interest Cap Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Global Interest Cap Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Global Interest Cap Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions (other than Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and an Interest Payment Date will 
be an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the lesser 
of: 
(i) 
AIA; and 
(ii) 
Min [Cap – TAI, 0] 
(the resultant figure being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to 
the Actual Interest Amount shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date"), the Interest Amount otherwise determined in respect of 
each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and such Interest Payment 
Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 17 but 
applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application of the 
FX Performance Note Provisions. 
"Cap" means an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the Cap Rate. 
"Cap Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"TAI" or "Total Actual Interest" means an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Actual Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Payment Date falling prior to the 
Relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 613 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
613 
 
18. 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Restructure Interest Rate Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Restructure Interest Rate Notes"), the provisions of this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 18 will apply. 
If a sole Noteholder (the "Sole Noteholder") is the holder of the entire outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes and gives a valid Restructure Rate Request to the Issuer in accordance with 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 on a Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day 
(the date on which such Restructure Rate Request is so given, the "Restructure Rate Request 
Date"), the Issuer will notify the Sole Noteholder by telephone of the relevant Restructure Rate 
(a "Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation") in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 18 on such Restructure Rate Request Date. 
If: 
(i) 
during such Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation, the relevant Sole Noteholder 
Contact confirms the Sole Noteholder's acceptance of such Restructure Rate (a 
"Restructure Rate Acceptance"); and 
(ii) 
the Sole Noteholder has given a valid Holding Notice to the Issuer in accordance with 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 on such Restructure Rate Request Date, 
then: 
(x) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, 
the Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period comprising the relevant Restructure 
Rate Request Period will be equal to the relevant Restructure Rate and the Issuer shall 
make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes as it determines necessary or 
appropriate to reflect the application of the Restructure Rate (which adjustments may 
include, but shall not be limited to, adjustments to any Day Count Fraction, any 
Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, any Interest Determination 
Date and any other relevant methodology or definition for calculating the relevant 
Restructure Rate and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
relating to the Interest Rate that would otherwise have been determined in respect of 
such Interest Period(s) shall be subject to the provisions hereof; and 
(y) 
the Issuer will give notice thereof (a "Restructure Rate Request Confirmation") to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
Subject as provided below, more than one valid Restructure Rate Request may be given in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 on the same Valid Restructure Rate 
Request Business Day and there is no limit on the number of such Restructure Rate Requests 
that may be given. 
If a Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the number of valid Restructure Rate Acceptances given in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 during the life of the Notes (in aggregate, whether by 
the current and/or any prior Sole Noteholder) may not exceed such Maximum Number of 
Restructure Rate Acceptances and if the number of such valid Restructure Rate Acceptances is 
equal to such Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances, no further Restructure Rate 
Requests may be given. For the avoidance of doubt and subject as provided below, if no 
Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(subject as provided below), there is no limit on the number of such Restructure Rate 
Acceptances or Restructure Rate Requests that may be given. 
If a valid Restructure Rate Acceptance is given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18 in respect of any Interest Period(s), no subsequent Restructure Rate Request may 
be given in respect of such Interest Period(s).

--- Page 614 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
614 
 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to give a Restructure Rate Request 
Confirmation shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and shall not affect the 
validity of the application of the above provisions. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"Fixed Fee Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Holding Notice" means a notice containing satisfactory evidence to the Issuer of the Sole 
Noteholder's holding of the entire outstanding principal amount of the Notes which, in the case 
of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate may (at the Issuer's discretion) be 
in the form of a certification or other document from the Relevant Clearing System. If a 
Restructure Rate Request also contains such evidence, such Restructure Rate Request will also 
be deemed to be a Holding Notice. 
"Number of Basis Points" means the number of basis points specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Restructure Fee" means, in respect of a Restructure Rate, an amount in the Specified 
Currency: 
(i) 
if "Fixed Restructure Fee" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
equal to the Fixed Fee Amount; or 
(ii) 
if "Basis Points Restructure Fee" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, calculated by the Issuer equal to the present value of the Number of Basis 
Points per annum on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes for the tenor of the 
Notes remaining from (and including) the first day of the Interest Period next 
commencing after the Restructure Rate Request Date (or, if the Restructure Rate 
Request Date falls on the first day of an Interest Period, such Interest Period), 
discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread).  
"Restructure Rate" means a fixed rate or floating/variable rate, determined by the Issuer acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner taking into consideration any factors it determines 
appropriate, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
the present value of the future Interest Amounts otherwise payable in respect of the 
Notes (taking into account any applicable caps and floors including, without limitation, 
any floor applied pursuant to the Global Interest Floor Note Provisions and/or any cap 
applied pursuant to the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions), discounted by a 
prevailing internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread); 
(ii) 
any costs to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of establishing or unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements in connection with changing the relevant Interest Rate(s) 
to the Restructure Rate (taking into account, without limitation, the terms of any 
collateral arrangements in place between the parties to any such hedging arrangements 
and the difference(s) between the collateral terms of any such newly established 
hedging arrangements and any such unwound hedging arrangements);  
(iii) 
prevailing market conditions; and 
(iv) 
if one or more valid Restructure Rate Acceptances has already been given in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18, a deduction to reflect the 
relevant Restructure Fee relating to such Restructure Rate Acceptances. 
"Restructure Rate Request" means an irrevocable signed notice in such form as the Issuer 
may require at the relevant time (the form of which can be obtained from the Issuer Notice 
Details specified in the applicable Issue Terms):

--- Page 615 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
615 
 
(i) 
specifying one or more future consecutive Interest Periods (together the "Restructure 
Rate Request Period") commencing on or after the Restructure Rate Request Start 
Date; 
(ii) 
requesting that the Issuer proposes a Restructure Rate to be the Interest Rate in respect 
of each such Interest Period;  
(iii) 
specifying the telephone number(s) and person(s) (each a "Sole Noteholder Contact") 
to any of which the related Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation to the Sole 
Noteholder may be given (together the "Sole Noteholder Notice Details"); and 
(iv) 
which may include, without limitation, such representation(s), acknowledgement(s) 
and/or confirmation(s) as the Issuer may require in relation to the Sole Noteholder's 
holding and the beneficial ownership of the Notes and, in the event the Sole Noteholder 
later accepts the Restructure Rate, its agreement of the basis on which and market 
conditions in which the Restructure Rate has been provided and evidence of the due 
authorisation of the Sole Noteholder to request and accept a Restructure Rate and of 
the signatory of the Restructure Rate Request and each Sole Noteholder Contact, in 
each case as of the Restructure Rate Request Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the form of Restructure Rate Request will reflect the Issuer's 
requirement(s) at the relevant time and accordingly may vary at different times. 
"Restructure Rate Request Start Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day" means, in respect of a Restructure Rate 
Request, any Business Day falling on or after the Issue Date and not less than 10 Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Restructure Rate Request Period. 
(c) 
Notices 
Notices to the Issuer 
Subject to the following paragraph, any Restructure Rate Request or Holding Notice given by 
the Sole Noteholder to the Issuer pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18: 
(i) 
must be by e-mail or letter delivered by hand to the e-mail address(s) or address and 
marked for the attention of the person(s) or department specified in the Issuer Notice 
Details in the applicable Issue Terms (or to such other details as the Issuer may notify 
to the Noteholders from time to time in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices)); and 
(ii) 
will be deemed to have been given when despatched to the relevant email address (if 
by e-mail) or delivered (if by letter) but, in respect of a Business Day, will only be 
deemed to have been validly given on such Business Day if given on or prior to the 
relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on such Business Day (and, if by e-mail, provided that 
no delivery failure notification has been received by the sender immediately following 
despatch).The Issuer will not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not rejected any certificate or document for the purposes of this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 18 purporting to be issued by any relevant entity person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Notices to the Sole Noteholder 
Subject to the following paragraph, any Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation given by the 
Issuer to the Sole Noteholder pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18: 
(i) 
must be by telephone using one of the telephone number(s) specified for such purpose 
in the Sole Noteholder Notice Details and made to a Sole Noteholder Contact; and

--- Page 616 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
616 
 
(ii) 
will be deemed to have been given when made but, in respect of a Business Day, will 
only be deemed to have been validly given on such Business Day if given on or prior 
to the relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on such Business Day.   
If the Issuer has attempted, but has been unable to contact any Sole Noteholder Contact for the 
purposes of giving a Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation by the relevant Notice Cut-Off Time 
on a Business Day, the Issuer's obligation to give such Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation 
hereunder will be deemed satisfied notwithstanding this. 
Where: 
"Notice Cut-Off Time" means: 
(x) 
in respect of a Restructure Rate Request, 12:00 p.m. (Central European time); 
(y) 
in respect of a Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation, four hours after the relevant 
Restructure Rate Request is given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18; and 
(z) 
in respect of a Holding Notice, no later than the time at which the relevant Restructure 
Rate Telephone Quotation is given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18.  
Any notice required to be given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 
which does not comply with the applicable requirements above shall not be valid and shall be 
null and void and of no effect. 
(d) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Interest 
Rate otherwise applicable under the Notes. 
19. 
Switcher Option 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Switcher Option" to be applicable, the Issuer may, 
having given (in the case of Registered Notes) the number of days' notice specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable) exercise the option (a "Switcher Option") switch the 
interest basis (which may be a zero or an interest bearing basis) on the Notes from the existing 
interest basis (if any) to the New Interest Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any 
Switcher Option shall become effective from and including the Switcher Interest 
Commencement Date and the Notes shall cease to bear interest (if any) on the existing interest 
basis and shall bear interest at the New Interest Basis from and including the Switcher Interest 
Commencement Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may be able to exercise the Switcher 
Option more than once and to one or more specified New Interest Basis (Bases). 
If a "Conversion Amount per Calculation Amount payable by the Issuer" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay such amount per Calculation Amount to the 
Noteholders on the relevant Switcher Payment Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
such payment to be made in accordance with and subject to the Conditions.

--- Page 617 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
617 
 
20. 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, 
then the Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date will be 
determined in accordance with the interest basis applicable to such Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date, which will be in respect of:  
(a) 
any Interest Payment Date, the interest basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column 
entitled "Type of Notes" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall; or 
(b) 
(i) the Interest Period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first succeeding Interest Period End Date after the Interest 
Commencement Date, the interest basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column 
entitled "Type of Notes" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date") on which such first Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall; 
and (ii) each successive Interest Period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date, the interest 
basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column entitled "Type of Notes" in the row 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which 
such next succeeding Interest Period End Date (on which such Interest Period ends) is scheduled 
to fall. 
21. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis 
(a) 
Interest Basis 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, then: 
(i) 
the initial interest basis (the "Initial Interest Basis") in respect of each Interest Period 
falling during the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first occurring Lock-in Date shall be the interest 
basis specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Initial Interest Basis 
Period"); and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of one or more Lock-in Events n, the interest basis that will 
apply in respect of each Interest Period falling during the period from (and including) 
the first occurring Lock-in Date to (but excluding) the immediately succeeding Lock-
in Date (or, if none, the Maturity Date) and each subsequent period from (and 
including) a Lock-in Date to (but excluding) the immediately succeeding Lock-in Date 
(or, if none, the Maturity Date) (each a "Changed Interest Basis Period"), will be the 
interest basis for such Lock-in Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each a 
"Changed Interest Basis").   
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis Provisions may apply in respect of any interest basis, other than Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be not applicable. 
(b) 
Satisfaction of the Lock-in Condition 
"Lock-in Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied), in respect of a Lock-in 
Determination Date, if the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation on the relevant Lock-in 
Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier Reference in 
the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Lock-in Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier;

--- Page 618 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
618 
 
(C) 
if "Less than the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than the Lock-in Barrier; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided herein. 
"Lock-in Condition n" means, the Lock-in Condition determined by reference to the 
corresponding Lock-in Reference Observation n and Lock-in Barrier n, in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Lock-in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular in the case of paragraph (A) below, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), 
the "Lock-in Reference Observation" and the "Lock-in Barrier" (including each Lock-in 
Specified Rate (as defined below)) shall each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
may be: 
(A) 
either a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such 
Reference Rate is: (i) a fixed rate (in the case of the Lock-in Barrier only), (ii) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
will apply, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread 
Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate; or  
(B) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate, 
in each case, on the relevant Lock-in Determination Date. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including the Lock-in Reference Observation and/or the 
Lock-in Barrier (and/or any Lock-in Specified Rate)), depending on which one of paragraph 
(A) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for 
such Reference Rate, including any Lock-in Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Spread Note Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate or Spread Reference Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as contained 
in the Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Lock-in Barrier may also be the sum of more than one rate (each a "Lock-in Specified 
Rate") or one rate less another rate (each a "Lock-in Specified Rate"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including the Lock-in Reference 
Observation and/or the Lock-in Barrier (and/or any Lock-in Specified Rate)) is to be determined 
by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, 
as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in relation to the 
determination of such Reference Rate(s), as applicable. For the purposes of the Conditions and 
in particular Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), each Reference Rate shall also be a 
"Rate" as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions). 
In relation to each FX Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such FX Rate, 
all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including any Lock-in Determination Date and any 
terms required for the purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as contained in the 
Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 619 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
619 
 
(d) 
Lock-in Determination Date 
In respect of any Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier (other than a Lock-in 
Barrier which is a fixed rate), the relevant "Lock-in Determination Date" shall be the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Specified Lock-in Determination Date") 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Determination Date or is a Lock-in Determination Disrupted 
Day for such Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, as applicable, the Lock-in 
Determination Date shall be:  
(i) 
If "Preceding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date Valuation Method 
for the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Determination Date for such Lock-
in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier which is not a Lock-in Determination 
Disrupted Day for such Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier; or 
(ii) 
if "Succeeding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method for the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier in the 
applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
where the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, as the case may 
be, is comprised of one of more Reference Rates, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Determination Date for such Lock-in Reference Observation or 
Lock-in Barrier which is not a Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day for such 
Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, PROVIDED THAT, if the 
relevant Reference Rate has not been determined prior to the day falling two 
Business Days prior to the scheduled date for payment of the relevant amount, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Reference Rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(b) 
where the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, as the case may 
be, is an FX Rate, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions) and Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE 
Conditions) shall apply. 
Each such Lock-in Determination Date shall be deemed to be (i) in respect of a Reference Rate, 
an Interest Determination Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) and/or (ii) in respect of an FX Rate, 
a Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions). 
(e) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 21 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"Lock-in Barrier n" means each Lock-in Barrier (where n = 1 … k) specified for the relevant 
Lock-in Condition n in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Lock-in Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Lock-in Reference 
Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions)) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Lock-in Reference 
Observation; or

--- Page 620 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
620 
 
(ii) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a 
Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such 
FX Rate. 
"Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Lock-in Determination Date, the satisfaction of the 
relevant Lock-in Condition on such Lock-in Determination Date.  
"Lock-in Event n" means, in respect of a Lock-in Determination Date, the satisfaction of the 
corresponding Lock-in Condition n (where n = 1 … k) on such Lock-in Determination Date. 
"Lock-in Reference Observation n" means each Lock-in Reference Observation (where n = 1 
… k) specified for the relevant Lock-in Condition n in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means, in respect of a Lock-in Reference Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Lock-in Reference 
Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions) 
for such FX Rate. 
MANDATORY EARLY REDEMPTION 
22. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Events 
(a) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Event occurs, then all (but not some only) of the Notes will be 
redeemed, each Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the amount specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, whichever of Rollerball MER Condition or TARN MER Condition is 
specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, any other condition specified as such for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, the satisfaction of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Condition. 
(b) 
Rollerball MER Condition 
(i) 
Satisfaction of the MER Condition 
"Rollerball MER Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied), in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, if the Rollerball Reference Observation on the 
relevant MER Determination Date is:

--- Page 621 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
621 
 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Rollerball Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under 
Rollerball Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or 
equal to the Rollerball Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than the Rollerball Barrier; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball 
Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the 
Rollerball Barrier, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided herein. 
(ii) 
Determination of Rollerball Reference Observation and Rollerball Barrier 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular in the case of paragraph (A) 
below, Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and 
Interest Amounts), the "Rollerball Reference Observation" and the "Rollerball 
Barrier" (including each Rollerball Specified Rate (as defined below)) shall each be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be either: 
(A) 
a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such 
Reference Rate is: (i) a fixed rate (in the case of the Rollerball Barrier only), 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply: (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest 
Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate, 
in each case, on the relevant on the MER Determination Date. 
The Rollerball Barrier may also be the sum of more than one Reference Rate (each a 
"Rollerball Specified Rate") or one Reference Rate less another Reference Rate (each 
a "Rollerball Specified Rate"). 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including the Rollerball Reference Observation 
and/or the Rollerball Barrier (and/or any Rollerball Specified Rate)), depending on 
which one of (A)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above is specified in relation to such 
Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference 
Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any MER Determination 
Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Note Provisions, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest 
Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread 
Reference Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as contained in the 
Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including the Rollerball 
Reference Observation and/or the Rollerball Barrier (and/or any Rollerball Specified 
Rate)) is to be determined by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of such Reference Rate(s), 
as applicable. For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Underlying Schedule 
2 (Rate Conditions), each Reference Rate shall also be a "Rate" as defined in 
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions).

--- Page 622 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
622 
 
In relation to each FX Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
FX Rate, all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including any MER Determination 
Date and any terms required for the purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, 
as contained in the Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
A different Rollerball Reference Observation and/or Rollerball Barrier may apply in 
respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
MER Determination Date 
In respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date and any Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier (other than a Rollerball Barrier which is a fixed rate) 
relating to such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the relevant "MER 
Determination Date" shall be the date specified as such for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Specified MER Determination 
Date") or, if such day is not a Scheduled Determination Date or is a Rollerball 
Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier, as applicable, the MER Determination Date shall be:  
(I) 
if "Preceding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Determination Date for such Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier (other than a Rollerball Barrier which is a fixed rate) which 
is not a Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier; or 
(II) 
if "Succeeding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms,  
(a) 
where the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as 
the case may be, is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Determination Date for such 
Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier which is not 
a Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, PROVIDED THAT, if 
the relevant Reference Rate has not been determined prior to the day 
falling two Business Days prior to the scheduled date for payment 
of the relevant amount, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Reference Rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(b) 
where the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as 
the case may be, is an FX Rate, the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1 (Underlying Valuation Provisions) and 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions) shall apply. 
Each such MER Determination Date shall be deemed to be (i) in respect of a Reference 
Rate, an Interest Determination Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions), Valuation and Settlement Condition  5 (Determination of Interest Rates 
and Interest Amounts), Valuation and Settlement 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) 
and Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) and/or 
(ii) in respect of an FX Rate, a Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 
5 (FX Rate Conditions).

--- Page 623 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
623 
 
(iv) 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier: 
(i) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions)) for any of the Reference Rates 
comprising such Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as 
the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of an FX Rate, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying 
Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means, in respect of a Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier: 
(i) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as 
defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) for all the Reference 
Rates comprising such Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of an FX Rate, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying 
Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
(c) 
TARN MER Condition 
"TARN MER Condition" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the sum 
of the interest payable in respect of the Interest Payment Date falling on or about such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and (ii) each Interest Payment Date falling prior to such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, is equal to or greater than the relevant TARN Rate specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A different TARN Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
23. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 shall apply in the circumstances specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 25. 
(a) 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in 
respect of a Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will:  
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(a) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate; and 
(b) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the

--- Page 624 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
624 
 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and  
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes, 
PROVIDED THAT, if the relevant Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of limb (i)(A) 
of the definition of Reference Rate Event (a "Material Change Event Trigger"), as an 
alternative to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, the Calculation 
Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) may instead: (i) determine that no 
Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Notes are required as a 
result of such material change (such determination being a "No Material Change Adjustment 
Determination"); or (ii) make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such material change (the "Material 
Change Adjustments"). 
Provided that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) has fully 
determined for purposes of the Notes, as applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the 
related timing and amendments to the Notes or (ii) the relevant Material Change Adjustments, 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective 
date for the relevant replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if: 
(i) 
with respect to a Material Change Event Trigger, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) has not made a No Material Change Adjustment 
Determination and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any Material 
Change Adjustments; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to calculate an Adjustment Spread,  
the Issuer may redeem the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Note shall 
be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount and the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(b) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 23(a) above, the relevant Reference 
Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, no replacement 
or amendments have occurred in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 23(a) 
and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to use the Reference Rate 
to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, the level of the Reference

--- Page 625 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
625 
 
Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination 
of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate or 
for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its sole and absolute 
discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate or (b) if it determines there 
is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a 
substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative 
to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate 
is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine such other amendments to the 
Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines the 
Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above only, the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to notify the Issuer or 
failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect 
the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is required in order to 
reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the 
Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any 
difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to 
the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
"Interpolated Reference Rate" with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate 
for the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
"Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
"Reference Rate Event" means:

--- Page 626 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
626 
 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (A) a 
material change in the relevant Reference Rate has occurred or will occur, (B) or the 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference 
Rate has occurred or will occur, or (C) a regulator or other official sector entity has 
prohibited or will prohibit the use of such Reference Rate in respect of the Notes;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted 
under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Notes; 
(iii) 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specifies that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" 
is not applicable, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines that it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant 
Reference Rate in connection with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing 
restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) or any other entity is required to hold a valid 
licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any 
reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a 
material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that there 
has been a formal public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of 
the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the Reference Rate or another official body with applicable responsibility 
announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer representative, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to 
measure. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark 
or other price source or rate that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if it is not possible or commercially reasonable for the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) to determine such Interpolated Reference Rate, a 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or 
other price source or rate (which may be formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body or (b) the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate (PROVIDED THAT such index, benchmark or other 
price source or rate is substantially the same as the Reference Rate) to replace the

--- Page 627 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
627 
 
Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press 
release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA). 
24. 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 shall apply in the circumstances specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 25. 
(a) 
USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent determines on or prior to any relevant Interest Determination Date or 
other date on which a USD Benchmark is required to be determined under the terms of the Notes 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each, as 
defined below) have occurred with respect to a USD Benchmark, then (subject as provided in 
paragraph (c) (Interim Adjustments)) the provisions set forth in paragraph (b) (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event) (the "Benchmark Transition Provisions") will apply. 
(b) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the USD Benchmark on any 
date, then, subject as provided in paragraph (c) (Interim Adjustments), the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current USD Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (including without limitation, the determination of any Interest Rate 
or amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes determined by reference to 
the then current USD Benchmark). 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions described 
herein, including, without limitation, any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. 
(iv) 
Notification of Noteholders 
Provided that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent has fully determined the 
Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes for 
purposes of the Notes, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent shall notify the 
Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above and the action 
that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination, decision or election as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the relevant Benchmark

--- Page 628 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
628 
 
Replacement Date. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
Failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent to notify the Issuer or failure 
by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the 
validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any replacement or adjustments having 
occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), a USD Benchmark 
is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and, at the time of the relevant 
determination, a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have 
not been determined and relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been 
made in accordance with paragraph (b) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and: 
(i) 
if such USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law 
or regulation for the Notes to reference such USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent to use such USD Benchmark to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Notes, such USD Benchmark shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of such USD 
Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if such USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent for the Notes to reference such USD Benchmark or for any such 
entity to use such USD Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under 
the Notes, such USD Benchmark shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it 
deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is 
the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for USD 
LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate 
that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to such USD Benchmark, 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). If such USD Benchmark is determined as 
any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
may make such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such substituted or successor rate.  
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines such USD Benchmark in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above only, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in 
respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such 
determination. 
(d) 
Certain Defined Terms 
As used in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 24: 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-
current USD Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD 
Benchmark; PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent cannot 
determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date:

--- Page 629 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
629 
 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(v) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current USD 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current USD 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current USD Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including without 
limitation, changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag 
between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the USD Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced

--- Page 630 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
630 
 
therein and (y) the date on which the USD Benchmark ceases to be representative by 
reference to the most recent public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein or, if earlier, the date the USD Benchmark is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the USD Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the USD Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, PROVIDED THAT, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the USD Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the USD 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the USD Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely, PROVIDED THAT, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no 
longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being 
representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such USD 
Benchmark is intended to measure. 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
being established by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
SOFR; PROVIDED THAT: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines 
that Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above 
then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
securities at such time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR shall exclude the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current USD Benchmark. 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the USD Benchmark means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the USD Benchmark 
for the longest period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the USD Benchmark for the shortest period for which the USD 
Benchmark is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor.

--- Page 631 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
631 
 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the Relevant 
ISDA Definitions to be determined in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be effective in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY Federal Reserve at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark means (1) if the 
USD Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such determination, 
and (2) if the USD Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto. 
"Relevant ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time. 
"SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such 
day by the NY Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator), 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website. 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"USD Benchmark" means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; PROVIDED THAT 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to USD LIBOR or the then-current USD Benchmark, then "USD Benchmark" 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
25. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for 
the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance.  If the first applicable option shown 
does not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next 
option set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions 
below may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate 
which itself has been previously determined pursuant to these fallback provisions. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 shall apply 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 25(c) to a Benchmark (whether such 
Benchmark is an interest rate or otherwise). 
(a) 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions

--- Page 632 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
632 
 
The USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 shall 
apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies USD LIBOR (howsoever described and as 
amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) 
to be applicable in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 shall 
apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any Reference Rate to be applicable in respect 
of the Notes PROVIDED THAT the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24 do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
"Reference Rate" means any interest rate (in each case howsoever described in the Conditions 
and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and any rate defined or specified as a "Reference Rate" in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms (as amended from time to time pursuant to 
the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions), which may include, without limitation, 
(i) any floating rate determined by reference to (a) Screen Rate Determination, (b) USD LIBOR 
Screen Rate Determination, (c) ISDA Determination, (d) SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index Determination), (e) SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination), or 
(f) SOFR Floating Rate Determination, (ii) any swap rate, (iii) any Underlying which is a Rate, 
(iv) a Fixed Interest Rate, (v) a CMS Interest Rate, or (vi) a CMS Reference Rate and, in each 
case will, where appropriate, include any related component or underlying rate, tenor or 
compounded index rate. Where more than one Reference Rate is applicable in respect of the 
Notes, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to each such Reference Rate. Where a 
Reference Rate applies in respect of any relevant period or day as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to such Reference Rate in respect of 
the relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.   
(c) 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 shall apply where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies any Benchmark (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2) to 
be applicable in respect of the Notes, PROVIDED THAT the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 and the Reference Rate Event Provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 do not apply to the relevant Benchmark as a result 
of the relevant event or circumstance. 
(d) 
Rate Conditions 
The provisions in respect of an Underlying which is a Rate set out in Underlying Schedule 2 
relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled 
Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the Substitute or Successor 
Rates provisions and the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set 
out in the Conditions shall apply to any such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT none of the USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24, the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 and the provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 apply to the relevant rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination and ISDA 
Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1), the USD LIBOR SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(2) and the ISDA 
Determination provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3) shall apply where

--- Page 633 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
633 
 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination and/or ISDA 
Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24, the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 23, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 and the 
Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or 
circumstance.  
(f) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Index Determination) and SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SFRD (Non-
Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(i), the SFRD 
(Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(ii) and the SOFR 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(5)(iii) shall apply where 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Index Determination) and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (respectively) 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23, the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 and the Rate Conditions apply to the 
relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance.  
(g) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24, the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23, the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2 and the Substitute or Successor Rates provisions set out in the Rate 
Conditions: 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); 
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides are 
appropriate, (ii) the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether 
or not expressly referenced in the relevant provision and which may be positive or 
negative) and (iii) (subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory 
guidance in the relevant jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the 
Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, 
will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 25 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any 
determination in relation to the Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or 
determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate or Benchmark

--- Page 634 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
634 
 
is no longer used as an interest rate or Benchmark for purposes of the Notes and (ii) the maturity, 
termination or expiry of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 25 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may make all 
determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided 
for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that causes the provisions in 
respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in Underlying Schedule 2 to apply (a 
"Substitute or Successor Rate Event"), as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark 
Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event or Substitute or 
Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes.  
(h) 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any 
of the paragraphs (a) to (g) above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) will have any duty to monitor or enquire as to whether any 
relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has occurred to which such provisions 
might apply. 
26. 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be DIR Inflation Linked Notes 
and the Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be the DIR Inflation 
Linked Redemption Amount, each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount 
determined in respect of each Calculation Amount by reference to the following formula, 
provided that the Redemption Amount is subject to, in each case if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝐷𝐼𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜+ 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
where: 
"Base Index Figure" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index and is designated as the DIR 
Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index Figure" means, for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount, a figure 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ 𝑋+
(𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝑜𝑓 𝑀𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−1)
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝑖𝑛 𝑚𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ 𝑜𝑓 𝑀𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒
× (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ 𝑌−𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ 𝑋) 
"DIR Index Ratio" for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount means the DIR 
Index Figure divided by the Base Index Figure. 
"Index Month X" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month that is 
the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the Maturity Date falls, such number 
being as specified under Index Month X in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as 
provided in, the Conditions. 
"Index Month Y" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month that is 
the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the Maturity Date falls, such number 
being as specified under Index Month Y in the applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the

--- Page 635 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
635 
 
month falling one month after Index Month X. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate (which may be positive or negative) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Participation Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms

--- Page 636 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
636 
 
SECTION G.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s][]-[] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, 
save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]8 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and regulations 
made thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]9  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]10 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND – [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which a 
key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition 
                                                     
8  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
9  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
10  
To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA.

--- Page 637 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
637 
 
period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who 
is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having 
opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined 
in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]11 
[This Final Terms has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA. Accordingly, the Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption 
under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither 
this Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]12 
[The Base Prospectus [is scheduled to expire on [] July 2022 and the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
intend[s] that the Base Prospectus will be updated immediately thereafter] [will be updated on [or around] 
[]]. The updated base prospectus will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) [and] [the website of [] ([])].]13 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]14 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(aggregate number of Units of Tranche) Units of 
(specify principal amount of each Unit)] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]15 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]16 
Under the Citi U.S.$80,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the Federal Reserve's total 
loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule. As a result, in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup 
Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup Inc.'s 
shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Notes. Further, in a 
bankruptcy proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realised by holders of the Notes may not be sufficient 
to repay the amounts owed on the Notes. For more information about the consequences of TLAC on the 
notes, you should refer to "Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc." 
in the section "Description of Citigroup Inc" in the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus.] 
[Subject as provided above, any/Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes in any 
Member State of the EEA may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in item 8 of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in item 8 of Part B below and that such offer is made during the 
                                                     
11  
Include if Notes are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in 
Switzerland. 
12  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Notes is not filed and deposited with a review 
body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
13  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Notes for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus. 
14  
Delete as applicable. 
15  
Delete if Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
16  
Delete if Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 638 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
638 
 
Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use of 
the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
or otherwise]17 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.  
None of the Issuer [, the CGMHI Guarantor]15 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]16 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
[For the purpose of the Base Prospectus (as defined below), "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).] 
The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]15 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]16 have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any state securities law. [The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]2 [and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]16 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each 
purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]18 [The Notes are being offered 
and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on the exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder ("Rule 144A"). Each purchaser of the Notes 
or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and each account 
for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer or any 
affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A 
and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction.]19 The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]15 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]16 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Notes, see "General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes – 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
The Notes are [English/New York] Law Notes[ that are also [Swedish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer 
shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw.skuldbok) from Euroclear 
Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear 
Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish 
                                                     
17  
Consider including this legend where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated. 
18  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S. 
19  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A.

--- Page 639 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
639 
 
Notes, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list)]. [A 
Summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" [,/and], the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule [and the Underlying Schedule[s] [applicable to [the/each] Underlying]] in the Base Prospectus 
[and the Supplement[s]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank. This Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] have been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland 
for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Notes to the 
public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-
exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in item [8] of Part B 
below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State of the EEA.]20 / 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]21 This Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]15 [, the CGMFL 
Guarantor]16 and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language required 
by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents 
and [on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on the website of [] ([])]. [In 
addition, this Final Terms is available [on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [[, 
/and] on the website of [] ([])] [and] [insert method of publication required in any relevant Public 
Offer Jurisdiction(s) and/or any jurisdiction in which the notes are admitted to trading].] (N.B. 
Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published in the event that the Notes 
are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, "Base 
Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus in relation to the 
Programme dated 8 July 2021.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, "Base 
Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 8 July 2021, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] "Supplement 
[No.[]]")[, a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [No.[]]")] [and a Supplement (No.[
]) dated [] ("Supplement No.[]" and, together with Supplement No.[] [and Supplement No. []], the 
"Supplements")].] 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or (ii) a new base prospectus is published 
during or after the offer period in respect of a Non-Exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the 
relevant Notes.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"[, and] the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] 
in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus].  
[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank. This Final Terms and [the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Current Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] have been 
                                                     
20  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Notes is filed and deposited with a review 
body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA but is not deposited with the Central Bank. 
21  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank.

--- Page 640 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
640 
 
filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of 
FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Notes to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the 
combination of this Final Terms and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Current Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt Offer" 
are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in item 
[8] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State of 
the EEA.]22 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]23 This Final Terms must be read in conjunction with 
the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] and are incorporated by reference into the Current Base Prospectus. Full information 
on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]15 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]16 and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the 
Current Base Prospectus]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] 
[the website of [] ([])]. The Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base 
Prospectus [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language required by any relevant Public 
Offer Jurisdictions]] [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and [on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [on the website of [] ([])]. [In addition, this 
Final Terms is available [on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [[, /and] on the 
website of [] ([])] [and] []] [insert method of publication required in any relevant Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published in the 
event that the Notes are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, "Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] 
Rates Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [28 June 2013/22 July 2014/10 August 2015/21 
December 2015/15 December 2016/15 December 2017/14 December 2018/19 July 2019/8 July 2020].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: 
For the purposes hereof, "Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [28 June 2013/22 July 2014/10 August 2015/21 December 
2015/15 December 2016/15 December 2017/14 December 2018/19 July 2019/8 July 2020], as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] "Supplement to the Base Prospectus [No. [
]]") [and a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together with Supplement No. [
], the "Supplements to the Base Prospectus")].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Current Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 8 July 2021.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Current Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 8 July 2021, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] 
"Supplement to the Current Base Prospectus [No. []]") [and a Supplement (No. []) dated [] 
("Supplement No. []" and, together with Supplement No. [], the "Supplements to the Current Base 
Prospectus")].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms] 
                                                     
22  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Notes is filed and deposited with a review 
body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA but is not deposited with the Central Bank. 
23  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank.

--- Page 641 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
641 
 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]1 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only Notes issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by 
Citigroup Inc. 
Only Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. are guaranteed by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited.) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible) 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on []/[the Issue Date]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[specify currency] 
[The Notes are Dual Currency Notes. "Specified 
Currency" means: 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination and the Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
"Denomination 
Currency"): [] 
(b) 
in respect of payments (the "Relevant  
Currency"): []] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
[The Notes are issued in Units. Accordingly, 
references herein to Units shall be deemed to be 
references to [] in principal amount of the Notes 
and all references in the Conditions to payments 
being made in respect of a Calculation Amount 
shall be construed to such payments being made 
in respect of a Unit]

--- Page 642 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
642 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Units in respect of 
each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (insert 
for fungible issues, if applicable) [converted into 
the Relevant Currency at the Initial FX Rate, 
being [specify in Relevant Currency] in respect 
of the Aggregate Principal Amount. "Initial FX 
Rate" means []] 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[][Unit] 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can 
be made) 
(The minimum Specified Denomination/principal 
amount represented by a Unit is EUR 1,000) 
(In respect of Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, 
there shall be one denomination only.) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[][Unit] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in 
respect of each Tranche) 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/As set out in the table at paragraph 10 
below/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(Where there is more than one interest basis then 
the Interest Commencement Date for each 
interest basis should be specified by inserting the 
Interest Basis Table at paragraph 10, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
8. 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] Business Day 
Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to []] 
9. 
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate Notes/Floating Rate Notes/Inflation 
Rate Notes/DIR Inflation Linked Notes [that are 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes][and][in 
respect of which a DIR Linked Redemption 
Amount is applicable]/CMS Interest Linked

--- Page 643 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
643 
 
Notes/Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes/Range 
Accrual Notes/Digital [Band] Notes/Spread 
Notes/Volatility Bond Notes/Synthetic Forward 
Rate Notes/Previous Coupon Linked Notes/and 
FX Performance Notes/and Reserve Coupon 
Notes/and Restructure Interest Rate Notes/and 
Global Interest Floor Notes/and Global Interest 
Cap Notes] [The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes 
and do not bear or pay any interest.] [The Notes 
are Credit Linked Notes] [The Notes are [also] 
Dual Currency Notes] [As set out in the table at 
paragraph 10 below] 
(The Notes may be one or more of the types 
described above and as further set out below) 
10. 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable[: As set out in the table below 
(specify the Interest Commencement Date, 
Interest Period End Date(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) and Type of Notes by inserting 
the Interest Basis Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1)]/[Describe changes] 
/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 20(ii) below] 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(v) below] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL) 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
13. 
Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule apply (subject as provided 
in any relevant Underlying Schedule)][Not 
Applicable]  
(the following information may be tabulated if 
there is more than one Underlying)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Underlying: 
[specify] 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
each 
Underlying, 
including 
any 
identification numbers, where relevant)] 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Inflation Index (this applies for both Inflation 
Rate 
Notes 
and 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked

--- Page 644 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
644 
 
Notes)]/[Rate (this would normally only apply for 
Range Accrual Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted)] 
[FX 
Rate 
(EMTA 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]) (this applies only 
for Range Accrual Notes (where any Reference 
Obligation is an FX Rate), for FX Performance 
Notes (for which purpose any of FX Performance 
[1/2] is an FX Rate), for any Notes for which 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis applies (for 
which 
purpose 
the 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an FX Rate), 
for any Notes for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption is specified as applicable and the 
Rollerball MER Condition applies (for which 
purpose the Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier is an FX Rate), for Dual 
Currency Notes), for Digital Notes (for which 
purpose the Digital Reference Rate is an FX 
Rate) and for Digital Band Notes (for which 
purpose the Reference Rate is an FX Rate) (Note 
for Digital Band Notes, FX Rate should not be 
specified for Reference Rate One, Reference Rate 
Two, Band Rate, Band Rate One or Band Rate 
Two))] (specify for each Underlying/Reference 
Entity) 
(specify for each Underlying/Reference Entity) 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[] (specify for each Underlying/Reference 
Entity) 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) 
shall 
apply/[specify]][Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Revision of level of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
(NB: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is 
specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to 
apply)] 
[Rate(s): 
(Specify for each Rate, and the following 
information may be tabulated if there is more 
than one Rate) 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[(specify)] 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: [A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [] (specify each)] [A day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open] [A U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day]

--- Page 645 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
645 
 
(This would normally only apply for certain 
Range Accrual Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted) 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
(Specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
(A) 
FX Rate:  
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[The FX Rate is [[the inverse of] []] / [the 
product of [] and []] / [the quotient of [] (as 
numerator) and [] (as denominator)]] (delete or 
combine as applicable) 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
 
 
Base Currency: [] 
 
Quote 
Currency: 
[] 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
[] 
(C) 
[Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-Transferability", 
"Material 
Change in Circumstances", "Nationalisation", 
"Specific Inconvertibility" or "Specific Non-
Transferability" are specified as Currency 
Disruption Events below)] 
(D) 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[] 
(E) 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
is [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[
]/[specify days] prior to (but excluding) each day 
on which payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Notes/as set out in the Dual Currency Note 
Table] (specify each DC Valuation Date, if 
different, by inserting a Dual Currency Note 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)] 
(F) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(G) 
FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 646 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
646 
 
[[FX Performance [1/2] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary)] 
(H) 
Lock-in 
Change 
of 
Interest Basis determined 
by reference to an FX 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] and 
for which purpose the Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/as set out in 
the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
(Specify each Lock-in Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
(I) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption determined 
by reference to an FX 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball 
Barrier] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] and 
for 
which 
purpose 
the 
Specified 
MER 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/as set out in 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] (Specify 
each Specified MER Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
(J) 
Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
(K) 
Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by reference 
to [specify FX Rate]]  
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable:  
(Specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[] 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates)

--- Page 647 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
647 
 
 
[] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
[[] in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
[[] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Price] 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
(D) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] 
(E) 
Reference 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(G) 
Number of Settlement 
Business Days: 
[] [Settlement Currency Business Days] 
(H) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement:  
[] consecutive calendar days 
(I) 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Provisions:  
[Not Applicable]  
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
is [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[
]/[specify days] prior to (but excluding) each day 
on which payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Notes/as set out in the Dual Currency Note 
Table] (specify each DC Valuation Date, if 
different, by inserting a Dual Currency Note 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
(J) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(K) 
FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[FX Performance [1/2] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
(L) 
Lock-in 
Change 
of 
Interest Basis determined 
by reference to an FX 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] and 
for which purpose the Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/as set out in 
the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
(Specify each Lock-in Determination Date, if

--- Page 648 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
648 
 
different, by inserting a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
(M) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption determined 
by reference to an FX 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball 
Barrier] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] and 
for 
which 
purpose 
the 
Specified 
MER 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/as set out in 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] (Specify 
each Specified MER Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
(N) 
Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
(O) 
Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by reference 
to [specify FX Rate]]  
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
(the following information may be tabulated) 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [(specify)]] 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date/specify] 
(NB: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days 
prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
(C) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date/specify] 
(NB: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the 
cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date)

--- Page 649 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
649 
 
[Rate/Rates: 
 
(A) 
ISDA Fallback 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, the following provisions are 
Not Applicable) 
I. 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[(specify)/Not Applicable] 
II. 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[(specify)/Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary Rate: [The First Fallback 
Reference 
Rate 
[and 
the 
Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per 
cent.] 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(Specify the Currency Disruption Events which 
apply (if any) and the related definitions) 
(B) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[FX 
Rate(s) 
where 
EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary Rate: [The First Fallback 
Reference 
Rate 
[and 
the 
Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [[]] per 
cent.]

--- Page 650 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
650 
 
(B) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the 
following order: 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes 
of the related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [] 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [] 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: []  
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [] 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [] 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: []]  
 
[Calculation Agent Determination]] 
 
(Specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and 
the order in which they apply) 
(C) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify for each 
FX Rate where different) 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Underlying Valuation Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Valuation Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading 
Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(c)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Preceding Scheduled Trading Day] (specify 
for a Rate only and where the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) do not 
apply to that Rate) 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Disrupted 
Days 
and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) apply]

--- Page 651 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
651 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Valuation Roll will 
be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
6(f) (Range Accrual Notes – Interest Observation 
Date) will apply instead of this paragraph 13(iv)) 
(In the case of Notes for which Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis applies, the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(d) (Lock-
in Change of Interest Basis – Lock-in 
Determination Date) will apply in respect of a 
Lock-in Determination Date instead of this 
paragraph 
13(iv) 
where 
"Preceding 
Determination" is specified as the Determination 
Date Valuation Method) 
(In the case of Notes for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption applies, the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 22(b)(iii) (Mandatory 
Early Redemption Events – MER Determination 
Date) will apply in respect of a MER 
Determination Date instead of this paragraph 
13(iv) where "Preceding Determination" is 
specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method) 
(Include for Lock-in Change of Interest Basis or 
Mandatory Early Redemption (in each case, 
where a relevant reference/barrier is an FX 
Rate) where "Succeeding Determination" is 
specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method) 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS 
14. 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Notes do not 
bear or pay interest] 
[Payment of interest is also subject to the 
"Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes" as 
specified in item 18 below] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Fixed Interest Rate 
(specify Fixed Interest Rate if Accrual is 
applicable)]

--- Page 652 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
652 
 
Specified Fixed Rate[s]: [[] per cent. per annum] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (specify each Specified Fixed Rate if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
Interest Amount[s]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Interest Table] (specify each Interest Amount if 
more than one by inserting an Interest Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed 
Rate Notes)] [, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes)]   
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on][]] [As set 
out in the Interest Table] (specify each Broken 
Amount if more than one by inserting an Interest 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)[, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes)] [Not Applicable] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day 
Convention))]] 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
paragraph 14(ii)] 
[As set out in the Interest Table] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(if more than one fixed interest amount and/or 
broken amount, specify Interest Payment Dates 
to which each fixed rate applies by inserting an 
Interest Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1)  
[EITHER: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
[OR: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
II. 
Range Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with

--- Page 653 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
653 
 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
IV. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
V. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
VI. 
Margin(s) (for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Margin if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
VII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (specify each Interest Participation Rate 
if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]] Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Specified 
Period(s)/ 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Note Provisions 
apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date

--- Page 654 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
654 
 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the [Reference Rate/Floating Rate] 
Table] (specify each Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table or Floating 
Rate Table (as applicable), the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
III. 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / USD LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) / 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination) 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] applies 
IV. 
Party 
responsible for 
calculating the 
Interest Rate(s) 
and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[] 
 
V. 
Range Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
VI. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 655 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
655 
 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in [(specify)] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period/First 
day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
[As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]] 
VII. 
USD 
LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[USD LIBOR] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[Second day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]

--- Page 656 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
656 
 
 
Specified 
Time:  
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
VIII. 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[][As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(specify the Floating Rate Option (and other details 
of such Floating Rate Option) which applies to 
each Interest Period ending on an Interest Period 
End Date by inserting a Floating Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[][As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
 
Reset Date: [][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [As 
set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
IX. 
SONIA Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Compound
ed 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Compound
ed 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[] [SONIAOSR=] [As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Date(s): 
[Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
X. 
SONIA Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table]

--- Page 657 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
657 
 
 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date] [] [As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
Relevant 
Number: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
XI. 
SOFR Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SOFR] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Observatio
n Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily 
SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable) 
 
Observatio
n 
Look-
Back 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, except 
where Index Determination is applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index 
Determinat
ion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index Determination: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] [] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
XII. 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
XIII. 
Margin(s) (for 
the Screen Rate 
(if Screen Rate 
Determination 
applies), 
the 
Reference Rate 
(if USD LIBOR 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 658 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
658 
 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
applies), 
the 
ISDA Rate (if 
ISDA 
Rate 
Determination 
applies), 
the 
SONIA 
Floating Rate (if 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination) 
applies), 
the 
SONIA 
Index 
Floating Rate (if 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Index 
Determination) 
applies) or the 
SOFR Floating 
Rate or SOFR 
Index Floating 
Rate (if SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
applies)): 
XIV. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 14(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)) 
XV. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 14(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
XVI. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 659 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
659 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
XVII. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
XVIII. Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate (if 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
applies), 
the 
Reference Rate 
(if USD LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
applies), 
the 
ISDA Rate (if 
ISDA 
Rate 
Determination 
applies) or the 
SONIA 
Floating Rate (if 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination)  
applies)): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
(C) 
Inflation 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [below]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Inflation 
Rate 
Note Provisions 
apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inflation Rate Note 
Provisions only apply to the Interest Payment 
Date(s) where the related Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]]

--- Page 660 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
660 
 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))]] [Not Applicable] 
III. 
Interest Amount 
Inflation Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
IV. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
V. 
UCL Relevant 
Months Prior: 
(specify) months 
VI. 
UCL 
12 
+ 
Relevant 
Months Prior: 
(specify) months 
VII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[1/1] 
VIII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate (IPR): 
[] [Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Minimum Interest Amount if 
different for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
X. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Maximum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(D) 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [below]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in

--- Page 661 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
661 
 
Date(s) 
to 
which the DIR 
Inflation Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Note Provisions only apply to the Interest 
Payment Date(s) where the related Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))]] [Not Applicable] 
III. 
DIR Index: 
(Specify Underlying) 
IV. 
Base 
Index 
Figure: 
[] 
V. 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable / [+1-] [] per amount per 
annum] (specify each Margin if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
VI. 
Index Month A: [Specify number of calendar months] calendar 
months 
VII. 
Index Month B: [Specify number of calendar months] calendar 
months 
VIII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[1/1] 
IX. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate (IPR): 
[] [Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)

--- Page 662 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
662 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Minimum Interest Amount if 
different for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Maximum Interest Amount if 
different for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(E) 
CMS 
Interest 
Linked 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[- 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
to 
which the CMS 
Interest Linked 
Note Provisions 
apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[PROVIDED THAT the CMS Interest Linked 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
III. 
Party 
responsible for 
calculating the 
Interest Rate(s) 
and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[] 
IV. 
Range Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
V. 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate]

--- Page 663 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
663 
 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
2"] 
(If 
CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
this column) 
 
Relevant 
Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate 
is 
Mid-
Market 
Swap Rate) 
[]  
[]  
 
Relevant 
Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
Interest 
Determinat
ion Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of

--- Page 664 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
664 
 
Reference 
Rate): 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
VI. 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
VII. 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
X. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates:  
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
XII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 665 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
665 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph XIII) 
XIII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference 
Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]] /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Range 
Accrual Note Provisions 
apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Range Accrual Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 14(i) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 
14(i)(B) above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 
14(i)(E) above]  
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(C) 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(F) 
Reference 
Observation 
[1] (insert "Reference 
Observation 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period.] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]]  
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, 
specify 
what 
the 
Reference

--- Page 666 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
666 
 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2 
below and if Triple Reference Observation is 
specified to be applicable, specify what the 
Reference Observation will be for each of 
Reference 
Observations 
1, 
Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 
below] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation 
or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
Reference Observation 1) is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Reference Observation Table) 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert 
"Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and where 
there is more than one Reference Rate, whether 
the Barrier [1] is different for each Reference 
Rate] [Not Applicable] 
Barrier Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier 
[1]/Less than or equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert 
"Barrier 1" if Dual Reference Observation is 
applicable) [Not Applicable] 
Lower Range [1] (insert 
"Lower Range 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
Lower Range [1] Option 
(insert "Lower Range 1 
Option" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
Upper Range [1] (insert 
"Upper Range 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
Upper Range [1] Option 
(insert "Upper Range 1 
Option" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate [One(s)] 
(for 
Reference 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant

--- Page 667 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
667 
 
Observation [1]): (insert 
"Reference Observation 
1" if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple 
Reference Observation is 
applicable) 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], 
including 
any Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required. If there is more than one Reference 
Rate [One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
[Reference Rate Two(s) 
(for 
Reference 
Observation [1]):] (insert 
if applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above 
for Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate Two, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 
Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the Reference 
Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
(G) 
[Reference Observation 
2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)]  
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation 2 is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)

--- Page 668 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
668 
 
[Barrier 2:] (insert if 
Barrier 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and where 
there is more than one Reference Rate, whether 
the Barrier 2 is different for each Reference Rate] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert if Barrier 2 is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than 
or equal to the Barrier 2]  
[Lower Range 2:] (insert 
if Lower Range 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Lower Range 2 Option:] 
(insert if Lower Range 2 
is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
[Upper Range 2:] (insert 
if Upper Range 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Upper Range 2 Option:] 
(insert if Upper Range 2 
is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate [One(s)] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], 
including 
any Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required. If there is more than one Reference 
Rate [One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
[Reference Rate Two(s) 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(vi))]

--- Page 669 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
669 
 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for 
each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the Reference 
Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
(H) 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)]  
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation 3 is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
[Barrier 3:] (insert if 
Barrier 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and where 
there is more than one Reference Rate, whether 
the Barrier 3 is different for each Reference Rate] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert if Barrier 3 is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than 
or equal to the Barrier 3]  
[Lower Range 3:] (insert 
if Lower Range 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Lower Range 3 Option:] 
(insert if Lower Range 3 
is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
[Upper Range 3:] (insert 
if Upper Range 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of

--- Page 670 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
670 
 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Upper Range 3 Option:] 
(insert if Upper Range 3 
is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate [One(s)] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], 
including 
any Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required. If there is more than one Reference 
Rate [One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
[Reference Rate Two(s) 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for 
each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the Reference 
Observation Table)] 
(I) 
Lev: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
(J) 
Adj: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 671 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
671 
 
(K) 
RA Cap: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
(L) 
RA Floor: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
(M) 
Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[]%] [As set out in the 
Range Accrual Table] (Specify 
for each relevant interest 
period by inserting the Range 
Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)] 
(N) 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
(O) 
Accrual Business Day 
Centre: 
[] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this 
if the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a 
specified number of Accrual Business Days. 
This is not applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off 
Date is the Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
(P) 
Accrual Cut-Off Date 
(the "Accrual Cut-Off 
Date" is the specified 
number of calendar days 
or 
Accrual 
Business 
Days preceding the last 
day 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
(Specified Accrual Cut-
Off Date) and shall be 
five Accrual Days if 
"Default Accrual Cut-Off 
Date" is specified): 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date] 
 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Q) 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(R) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
(S) 
Maximum Interest Rate: [See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E) above] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 672 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
672 
 
(T) 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
(U) 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
(iii) 
Digital Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Digital Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Note Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period 
falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Back Up Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Back Up Rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required), in all cases this would include being 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate] 
(C) 
Digital Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital Reference 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating 
Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies,

--- Page 673 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
673 
 
or (iii) CMS Interest Rate or (iv) FX Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required), in all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to 
the Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
[Where the Digital Reference Rate is an FX Rate: 
See paragraph 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
(D) 
Reserve Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Reserve Rate will 
be the sum of more than one rate (each a 
"Specified Rate") or one rate less another rate 
(each a "Specified Rate") and whether the 
Reserve Rate or each Specified Rate is a (i) Fixed 
Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest Rate, and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required), in all cases this would include being 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate] 
(E) 
Digital Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital Rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required), in all cases this would include being 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate] 
(F) 
Reserve Rate Reference: [Greater than the Reserve Rate/Greater than or 
equal to the Reserve Rate/Less than the Reserve 
Rate/Less than or equal to the Reserve Rate]

--- Page 674 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
674 
 
(G) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Digital Interest 
Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(H) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Digital Interest 
Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(I) 
Digital 
Determination 
Date: 
[] 
(J) 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s):] 
(insert 
if 
required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
(K) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(iv) 
Digital Band Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Digital Band 
Note Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]

--- Page 675 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
675 
 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Band Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Reference Rate Only or 
Reference 
Rate 
One 
minus Reference Rate 
Two: 
[Reference Rate Only/Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two] applicable 
(C) 
[Reference Rate:] 
[] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate(s) for 
different 
Interest 
Periods 
and/or 
Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate(s), the Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, to which it applies) 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, as 
applicable, and whether the Reference Rate is a 
(a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (b) CMS Interest Rate or (c) FX Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required] 
[Where the Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See 
paragraph 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
[Reference Rate One:] 
[] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate Ones 
for different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate One, the Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, to which it 
applies) 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate 
One, as applicable, and whether Reference Rate 
One is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
e.g. any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out in

--- Page 676 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
676 
 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required] 
[Reference Rate Two:] 
[] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate Twos, 
for different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate Two, the Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, to which it 
applies) 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two, as applicable, and whether Reference Rate 
Two is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
e.g. any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required] 
(D) 
Bands: 
(Where there are different Bands for different 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
specify in relation to each Band the Interest 
Period and/or Interest Payment Dates to which it 
applies) 
 
(i) 
Band 
1: 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two] is [less than] [less than or 
equal to] [] [per cent.]; 
(ii) 
Band 
2: 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two] is [greater than][greater than 
or equal to] [] but [less than] [less than 
or equal to] [] [per cent.]; 
[(iii) 
(only include Band 3 if applicable): 
[The Reference Rate] [Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two] is 
[greater than][greater than or equal to] 
[] [but] [less than] [less than or equal 
to] [] [per cent.];] 
(if there are additional bands occurring 
after band 3 but before the last 
occurring band which shall be as 
described below repeat (iii) above for 
such additional bands but with the 
relevant band levels) 
[[] 
Band [] (to be numerically labelled as 
the last band so if four bands in total

--- Page 677 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
677 
 
this would be "Band 4") [The Reference 
Rate] [Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two] is [greater than] 
[greater than or equal to] [] [per cent.] 
(E) 
I. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
1: 
(Where there are different Band Rates for 
different 
Interest 
Periods 
and/or 
Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each Band 
Rate the Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates to which it applies) 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 1 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 1 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (iii) CMS Interest Rate, 
or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus Band Rate 
Two, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin in relation to Band 
1, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Band 
Rate 
One:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 1 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 1 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 1" above") 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 1 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 1 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference

--- Page 678 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
678 
 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is determined pursuant to (iv) of "Band 
Rate in relation to Band 1" above") 
II. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
2: 
[] 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 2 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 2 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (iii) CMS Interest Rate, 
or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus Band Rate 
Two, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin in relation to Band 
2, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Band 
Rate 
One:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 2 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 2 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 2" above") 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 2 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 2 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 679 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
679 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 2" above") 
III. 
[Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
3 (only include 
if applicable): 
[] 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 3 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 3 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (iii) CMS Interest Rate, 
or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus Band Rate 
Two, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin in relation to Band 
3, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Band 
Rate 
One:] 
[] 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 3 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 3 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 3" above") 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 3 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 3 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes

--- Page 680 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
680 
 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 3" above") 
(if there are additional band rates occurring 
after the band rate in relation to band 3 but 
before the last occurring band rate which shall 
be as described below, repeat (C) above for all 
such additional band rates but with all the 
relevant band rate details)] 
IV. 
Band Rate in 
relation to Band 
[]: 
[] 
[Include details of the Band Rate for the last 
Band and whether the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies or 
(iii) CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate 
One minus Band Rate Two, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin in 
relation to the last Band, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
[Band 
Rate 
One:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
the last Band and whether Band Rate One in 
relation to the last Band is a (a) Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is determined pursuant to 
paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation to Band 
[]" above") 
[Band 
Rate 
Two:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
the last Band and whether Band Rate Two in 
relation to the last Band is a (a) Floating Interest

--- Page 681 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
681 
 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is determined pursuant to 
paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation to Band 
[]" above")] 
(If there are additional bands repeat as 
necessary and modify as above for all additional 
bands) 
(F) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Digital Band 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(G) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Digital Band 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(H) 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s):] 
(insert 
if 
required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
(I) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only

--- Page 682 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
682 
 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(v) 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]] /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inverse Floating Rate 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[] (If there is more than one Inverse Fixed Rate 
for different Interest Periods, this information 
may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
(C) 
Inverse Reference Rate: 
[] (If there is more than one Inverse Reference 
Rate for 
different Interest 
Periods, 
this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
(Include details of whether the Inverse Reference 
Rate is (A) one Reference Rate (a "Specified 
Rate") or (B) one Reference Rate (a "Specified 
Rate 1") minus another Reference Rate (a 
"Specified Rate 2", and together with Specified 
Rate 1, each a "Specified Rate"). Also include details 
in relation to the Inverse Reference Rate and 
each Specified Rate whether it is (a) a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies or 
(b) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in all 
cases this would include being determined by 
reference to the Spread Note Provisions as 
appropriate. If any Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate, insert the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)

--- Page 683 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
683 
 
(D) 
Margin(s) 
(Inverse 
Floating Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Inverse Floating Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
(E) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate (Inverse 
Floating Interest Rate) if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" 
if required) 
(G) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(H) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] (If there is more than one 
Minimum Interest Rate for different Interest 
Periods, this information may be set out in a 
"Rate Table") 
(I) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] (If there is more than one 
Maximum Interest Rate for different Interest 
Periods, this information may be set out in a 
"Rate Table") 
(vi) 
Spread Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and]

--- Page 684 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
684 
 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which the Spread Note 
provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Spread Note Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period 
falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]  
(C) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
(D) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(E) 
Margin(s) 
(Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if

--- Page 685 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
685 
 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Option One or No Option 
One: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(H) 
Spread Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
V%: 
[] 
 
Multiplier: 
[] 
 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
(I) 
Spread Rate 1:  
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
1 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Spread Rate 1 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 686 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
686 
 
(J) 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for each 
such 
rate 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Spread Rate 2 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(K) 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
3 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies or 
(c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each such 
rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 687 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
687 
 
 
Spread Rate 3 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(L) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(M) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(N) 
[Spread Reference Rate 
in respect of Spread Rate 
[1/2/3]: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required)] (Include if not specified above and 
repeat as necessary) 
(vii) 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Volatility 
Bond Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]  
(C) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]

--- Page 688 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
688 
 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
(D) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(E) 
Margin(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) 
if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Shout Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
Shout 
Option 
Cut-off Time: 
[9:00 a.m. (London time)] [specify time] 
 
Details 
for 
giving notice to 
the Issuer and 
the Calculation 
Agent: 
[Specify address / e-mail address and department 
/ desk to whom the relevant notice should be 
addressed]

--- Page 689 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
689 
 
(H) 
Volatility Bond Rate 1: 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate [plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied 
by Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 1 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD 
LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, or 
(c) a CMS Interest Rate, or (d) a Forward Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
(Expected to be determined on or about the end 
of the relevant Interest Period – the Shout 
Option, if exercised, would operate to change 
this rate) 
 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(I) 
Volatility Bond Rate 2: 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate [plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied 
by Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation 
Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 2 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two and, in each 
case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, or (d) a Forward Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for each 
such 
rate 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required)

--- Page 690 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
690 
 
(Expected to be determined on or about the 
beginning of the relevant Interest Period) 
 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Volatility Bond 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(J) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(K) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Synthetic Forward Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
to 
which 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Note 
provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Synthetic Forward Rate 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]  
(C) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
(D) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)]

--- Page 691 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
691 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(E) 
Margin(s) (SF Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (SF Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(SF 
Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Option One, Synthetic 
Forward Option Two or 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Option Three: 
[Synthetic Forward Option One] [Synthetic 
Forward Option Two] [Synthetic Forward 
Option Three] applicable 
(H) 
Rate 1:  
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the SF 
Reference Rate for Rate 1 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate and, in all 
cases, specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate

--- Page 692 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
692 
 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Rate 1 Margin: []/[Not Applicable] 
 
x: 
[] 
(I) 
Rate 2: 
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the SF 
Reference Rate for Rate 2 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting 
the details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required) 
 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Rate 2 Margin: []/[Not Applicable] 
 
y: 
[] 
(J) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(K) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(L) 
[SF Reference Rate [in 
respect of [Rate 1] [Rate 
2]]: 
(Unless set out above, specify whether SF 
Reference Rate is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) 
a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest

--- Page 693 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
693 
 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) (Repeat as required)]". 
(M) 
Lev: 
[]% / [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Previous Coupon Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)] 
[and] 
[14(xi)] 
[and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]  
(B) 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate: 
Previous Coupon[, [plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 1][, 
multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] 
(If Previous Coupon Reference Rate is different 
for each Interest Period, insert the Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
Rate 
1 
(for 
determination 
of a Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify 
other Reference Rate)] [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting (if 
such Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate), the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required). 
If Rate 1 is different for each Interest Period,

--- Page 694 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
694 
 
insert also a Rate Table, the form of which is set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Rate 
1 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
 
Rate 
2 
(for 
determination 
of a Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify 
other Reference Rate)] [Not Applicable] [As set 
out in the Rate Table for Previous Coupon 
Linked Notes] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting (if 
such Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate), the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. 
If Rate 2 is different for each Interest Period, 
insert also a Rate Table, the form of which is set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Rate 
2 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
 
Minimum 
Reference Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Maximum 
Reference Rate 
(for 
the 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(C) 
Margin(s) 
(Previous 
Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][   ] per cent. per 
annum]/[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes] 
(specify each Margin (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(D) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Previous 
Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) if more

--- Page 695 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
695 
 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(E) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/ [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/ [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s):] 
(insert 
if 
required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous Coupon 
Linked Notes] (Interest Period End Date(s) may 
be set out in a "Rate Table" if required) 
(H) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(x) 
FX Performance Note Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes, DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes and Reserve Coupon 
Notes). If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 696 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
696 
 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to 
which 
the 
FX 
Performance 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[Each of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the FX Performance Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
FX Performance 1: 
[[] / FX Performance 1 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 
13(i) above/ The rate determined as set out below 
/ See the FX Performance Table] (specify each 
FX Performance 1 if more than one by inserting 
an FX Performance Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 1 is not an 
Underlying: 
 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX 
Perf 
B 
Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] (FX 
Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate 
expressed as the number of units of [] for which 
one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[] 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[]] 
(C) 
FX Performance 2: 
[[] / FX Performance 2 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 
13(i) above/ The rate determined as set out below 
/ See the FX Performance Table] (specify each 
FX Performance 2 if more than one by inserting 
an FX Performance Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 2 is not an 
Underlying: 
 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX 
Perf 
B 
Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] (FX 
Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate 
[(expressed as the number of units of [] for 
which one unit of [] can be exchanged)]

--- Page 697 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
697 
 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[] 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[]] 
(D) 
FX 
Performance 
Participation Rate: 
[] / [Not Applicable] / [See the FX Performance 
Table] 
(E) 
Specified 
FX 
Performance 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment 
Date]] 
/ 
See 
the 
FX 
Performance Table] 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment 
Date]] 
/ 
See 
the 
FX 
Performance Table] 
(specify each FX Performance Valuation Date if 
different by inserting an FX Performance Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
(F) 
[Application 
of 
FX 
Performance 
Note 
Provisions: 
The FX Performance Note Provisions shall apply 
[[prior to/after] the application of the [Reserve 
Coupon Note Provisions] [Global Interest Floor 
Note Provisions] [and the] [Global Interest Cap 
Note Provisions]] (Insert where the Reserve 
Coupon Note Provisions or the Global Interest 
Floor Note Provisions and/or the Global Interest 
Cap Note Provisions also apply) 
(xi) 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes, DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes and FX Performance 
Notes). If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which the Reserve 
Coupon Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[Each of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Reserve Coupon Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date

--- Page 698 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
698 
 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Reserve Coupon Rate: 
[[] per cent. [per annum]/ []] (specify each 
Reserve Coupon Rate if more than one by 
inserting a Reserve Coupon Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(xii) 
Global 
Interest 
Floor 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Floor Rate: [] per cent.] 
(xiii) 
Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Cap Rate: [] per cent.] 
(xiv) 
Restructure Interest Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable:  
Restructure Rate Request Start Date: [] 
Maximum 
Number 
of 
Restructure 
Rate 
Acceptances: []/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed 
Restructure 
Fee: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Fixed Fee Amount: []] 
Basis Points Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Number of Basis Points: [] basis points] 
(NB: Elect one of Fixed Restructure Fee or Basis 
Points Restructure Fee above (and complete as 
applicable) for the purposes of calculating the 
Restructure Fee) 
Issuer Notice Details: [Insert notice details for 
delivery of notices to the Issuer]] 
(xv) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SWITCHER OPTION 
15. 
Switcher Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 699 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
699 
 
(A) 
Switcher Interest Commencement 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
New Interest Basis: 
[include details of the New Interest Basis or the 
or each Switcher Interest Commencement Date 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein and including any relevant Interest 
Determination Date and/or Margin and/or 
Interest Participation Rate] 
(C) 
Conversion 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable by 
the Issuer: 
[include details of any conversion amount 
payable by the Issuer and the relevant Switcher 
Interest Commencement Date in respect of which 
it is payable if more than one][Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Switcher Payment Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 19 (Switcher Option) ] [Not less than 
[(specify)] Business Days] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOCK-IN CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
16. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[include details of the Initial Interest Basis 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein] 
(B) 
Changed Interest Basis: 
[Following the occurrence of [the] Lock-in Event 
[1]: [include details of the Changed Interest 
Basis including cross referring to relevant 
paragraphs herein]] 
 
[Following the occurrence of Lock-in Event 
[2][n]: [include details of the Changed Interest 
Basis including cross referring to relevant 
paragraphs herein]] 
 
(Repeat as necessary for Lock-in Events 
n=1….k) 
(C) 
Lock-in Date: 
[] [The Interest Period End Date immediately 
succeeding the Lock-in Determination Date on 
which the Lock-in Condition was satisfied in 
respect of the relevant Lock-in Event] [The 
Interest Payment Date immediately succeeding 
the Lock-in Determination Date on which the 
Lock-in Condition was satisfied in respect of the 
relevant Lock-in Event] 
(D) 
Lock-in Condition [1]: 
 
 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [1]: 
[specify what the Lock-in Reference Observation 
will be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 21(c) (Determination of 
Lock-in Reference Observation and Lock-in 
Barrier)]

--- Page 700 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
700 
 
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required), in all cases this would include being 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
Lock-in Barrier [1]: 
[specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(c) (Determination of Lock-in 
Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
Lock-in 
Barrier 
Reference [1]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less than 
the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less than or equal to the 
Lock-in Barrier [1]] 
(E) 
[Lock-in Condition [n]: 
(Include for each Lock-in Condition n = 2 … k) 
 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]: 
[specify what the Lock-in Reference Observation 
will be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 21(c) (Determination of 
Lock-in Reference Observation and Lock-in 
Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required), in all cases this would include being

--- Page 701 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
701 
 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
Lock-in Barrier [n]: 
[specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from the 
options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(c) (Determination of Lock-in 
Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required)] 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX 
Rate] 
 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
Lock-in 
Barrier 
Reference [n]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less than 
the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less than or equal to the 
Lock-in Barrier [n]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ZERO COUPON NOTES 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] [per cent. per annum]] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [] in each year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
18. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 702 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
702 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes]/[Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Tranched Credit 
Linked 
Notes]/[Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked Notes]/[Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes] 
[– Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit 
Linked 
Principal]/[Credit 
Linked 
Interest]] (Only include if 'Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes' is applicable) 
(ii) 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption]/[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
[– Fallback 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash Redemption]/[Physical Redemption]/[Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable. 
Only include for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: [LA 
Cash 
Redemption]/[LA 
Physical 
Redemption]/[LA Fixed Recovery Redemption]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.]/[[] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable. This will not be applicable for 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[– Funding Interest Rate: 
[] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' 
is applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable. 
This will not be applicable for Credit Linked 
Interest Notes)  
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[] as specified in paragraph[s] [] 
(cross refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
(xi) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[] as specified in paragraph[s] [] 
(cross refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
(xii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: [Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 703 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
703 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a sovereign, 
include the following additional information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity or, if 
different from the registered office, its main 
administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, and 
legal form which it has adopted under such 
legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; and 
name of the stock exchange or of another 
regulated market which is regularly operating, 
recognised and open to the public where the 
shares and other securities of the Reference 
Entity are admitted) 
 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[Senior 
Non-Preferred Level] 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation 
below if the fallback to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to apply.) 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not 
a sovereign, where applicable] 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes) 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include

--- Page 704 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
704 
 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method and for Credit Linked Principal Notes) 
 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable and for Credit Linked Principal 
Notes) 
(xiii) 
Nth-to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction Type and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
Reference Obligation(s): In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash

--- Page 705 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
705 
 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following 
Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xiv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
Reference Obligation(s): In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, where 
applicable 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following 
Credit Event' is applicable)

--- Page 706 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
706 
 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index Series 
[] Version] 
 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
 
Effective Date: 
[] 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
Reference Obligation(s): In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, where 
applicable 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable)

--- Page 707 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
707 
 
 
Auction 
Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following 
Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xvi) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index Series 
[] Version] 
 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
 
Effective Date: 
[] 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity)

--- Page 708 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
708 
 
 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, where 
applicable 
 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
Loss Threshold Amount: [] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
Recovery 
Threshold 
Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the 
Exhaustion Point) 
 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as published, 
in Appendix 1 hereto]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Index 
Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
 
Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xvii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount 
and Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto] (Insert if 'Index' 
is applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Weightin
g 
Reference 
Entity 
Seniority 
Level:

--- Page 709 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
709 
 
Transacti
on Type: 
Notional 
Amount: 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordin
ated 
Level]/ 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordin
ated 
Level]/ 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
Reference Obligation(s): In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, where 
applicable 
 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
Loss Threshold Amount: [] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
Recovery 
Threshold 
Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the 
Exhaustion Point) 
 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if

--- Page 710 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
710 
 
'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
 
Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xviii) 
Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Asset(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Maturity 
date 
of 
Reference Asset(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Custodian: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
LCY Reference Amount: []/[Not Applicable] 
 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, in each case, 
subject as provided in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility 
Event]/[Ownership 
Restriction 
Event]/[Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest:   
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 711 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
711 
 
 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal:   
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Risk 
Event' is applicable) 
 
LA Cash Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'LA Physical Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
Final 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
Underlying 
RMB 
Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[RMB 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[] 
 
RMB Relevant Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[] 
 
RMB Settlement Centre: [](Specify)/[Hong Kong]] (Only include if 
Underlying RMB Currency Event is Applicable) 
(xix) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xx) 
Obligations: 
 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligation Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback 
in the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Not Domestic Law]

--- Page 712 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
712 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[None] 
 
(Select all that apply) 
 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: []/[Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligations 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond 
or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback 
in the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback 
in the definition of "Domestic Currency" in the 
Credit Linked Conditions applies) 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [] years (Specify if 
default is not to apply)]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
 
[Together 
with 
[Specify 
other 
obligation 
applicable for each Reference Entity other than 
those determined by reference to Obligation 
Category and Obligation Characteristics]] 
 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 713 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
713 
 
 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Fixed Cap: []/[Not Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Hellenic 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If "Applicable", 
specify for each Reference Entity)  
(xxx) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[– [Trigger Percentage: 
[]] 
(xxxi) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay 
 
Payment Requirement: [[] or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant failure to pay]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Grace Period: [Specify]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention]

--- Page 714 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
714 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring 
 
Mod R: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Select all that apply] 
 
Default Requirement: 
[[] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(xxxii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
(xxxiii) Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(xxxiv) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable Obligation Applicable]/[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable] 
(xxxv) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]]/[Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
Number of Business Days: 
 
[Specify]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[] Business Days and each [] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: []]] 
 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Market]/[Average Highest]/[Average 
Market]/[Lowest] 
 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Offer]/[Mid-market] 
 
Quotation Dealers: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]

--- Page 715 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
715 
 
 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued 
Interest][As per Credit Linked Condition 
16(a)(ii)(III)] 
(xxxvi) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[[] Business Days]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
Fallback 
Cash 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxxvii) Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
(Delete this row for Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xxxviii) Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions], being as of the 
[Trade Date]/[Effective Date (Include for Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes)]/[Specify date] 
Transaction Type: []] 
(xxxix) [Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
(xl) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Merger 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Each Note's pro 
rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xli) 
Settlement Currency: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
19. 
Index Skew Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: (a) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set.

--- Page 716 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
716 
 
(iv) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(v) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: [Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, 
where relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited]/[●] 
(vi) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
Eligible Index: 
[[●] (Specify Index name)] Series [●] Version 
[●] 
 
Relevant Annex: 
[●] 
 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
Documentation Form: 
[[●] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date 
of 
publication)] 
[incorporating 
the 
[●](Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
Original 
Notional 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
Other details:  
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced 
in the Eligible Index, as set out in Appendix 2 
hereto.  
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [●] – [[●] 
(Specify date of publication)] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[●] (Specify name 
of supplement, publisher and date of publication, 
if applicable)]] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
Matrix Publication Date: [Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●]

--- Page 717 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
717 
 
 
Other details:  
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced 
in the Hypothetical Single Name Set, as set out 
in Appendix 2 hereto.  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(1) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(2) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)] [Not 
less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the General Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
(ii) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As 
set out in General Condition 
5(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes)] 
[Not less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the General Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of

--- Page 718 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
718 
 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] 
(specify) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Maturity 
Redemption 
Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes) [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
3 (Dual Currency Notes)]/[DIR Inflation Linked 
Redemption Amount]  
 
[If DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is 
applicable, include the following: 
 
DIR Index: [] 
 
Base Index Figure: [] 
 
Index Month X: [] 
 
Index Month Y: [] (NB. This should be equal to 
Index Month X minus one) 
 
Margin: [[+/-][] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[] 
per 
cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Condition: 
[Rollerball MER Condition] 
[TARN MER Condition] 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date[s] [other than 
[[]/the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
about the [Scheduled] Maturity Date]]/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [] to 
and including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
(C) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[[] (specify each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount if more than one by inserting a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 719 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
719 
 
(D) 
Rollerball 
MER 
Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation: 
[specify 
what 
the 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 22(b) 
(Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
MER 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required), in all cases this would include being 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate) and where there is 
more than one Reference Rate, whether the 
Rollerball Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Rollerball 
Reference Observation is different for each MER 
Determination Date, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Rollerball Reference Determination 
Table) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
Rollerball 
Barrier: 
[specify what the Rollerball Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 22(b) (Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Specified 
MER 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required) and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Rollerball Barrier is 
different for each Reference Rate for each 
relevant interest period)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Rollerball 
Barrier is different for each MER Determination

--- Page 720 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
720 
 
Date, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Rollerball Reference Determination Table) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
Rollerball 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Rollerball Barrier/Greater than 
or equal to the Rollerball Barrier/Less than the 
Rollerball Barrier/Less than or equal to the 
Rollerball Barrier] 
(E) 
TARN MER Condition: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
TARN Rate: 
[] (If TARN Rate is different for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, insert the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Table the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(A) 
For 
the 
purpose 
of 
General 
Condition 
5(b)(i) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]  
[Best of Amount] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 721 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
721 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(B) 
For 
the 
purpose 
of 
General 
Condition 
5(b)(ii) (Redemption for 
Illegality): 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]  
[Best of Amount] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[see "Continuance of Notes Provision" below] 
(specify Early Redemption Amount here only if 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" is "Not 
Applicable"; 
otherwise 
specify 
"See 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" above and 
specify the Early Redemption Amount under 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" below) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 722 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
722 
 
(C) 
Continuance of Notes 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
If Applicable: 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market 
Value 
Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
Not 
Applicable 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: Not Applicable 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
Not Applicable 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable 
Illegality 
Event 
(Possible 
Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Applicable: 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]  
[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable] 
(D) 
For 
the 
purpose 
of 
General 
Condition 
9 
(Events of Default): 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]

--- Page 723 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
723 
 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]  
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Adjustment Event 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality: [Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
Material Increased Cost: [Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face

--- Page 724 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
724 
 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 725 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
725 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Additional 
Adjustment Events 
relating to Inflation Indices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 4 
(Additional 
Adjustment Events): Not  Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value

--- Page 726 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
726 
 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(v) 
Additional 
Adjustment Events 
relating to FX Rates where EMTA 
Provisions are Not Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events): Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 727 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
727 
 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(vi) 
Additional 
Adjustment Events 
relating to FX Rates where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events): Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 728 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
728 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
22. 
Additional Early Redemption Event: 
 
(i) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus

--- Page 729 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
729 
 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable under Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early 
Redemption Events): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 730 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
730 
 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
23. 
Realisation Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
24. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): 
Not Applicable] 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: [Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event" 
is 
Applicable: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus

--- Page 731 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
731 
 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[] 
(specify an amount only) 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]]] 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2) is 
applicable in respect of the Notes) 
25. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[]] 
 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not 
Applicable] 
 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is 
Applicable: 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Principal

--- Page 732 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
732 
 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with option 
for Fair Market Value at early redemption]/[Best 
of Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] (specify 
for Zero Coupon Notes)/[] (specify an amount 
only) 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]]]] 
 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 25) is 
applicable in respect of the Notes) 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Registered Notes 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate 
[(U.S.$[] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate [(U.S.$[] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
[Swedish Notes - insert details (including details 
of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which apply to the Notes)] 
[Finnish Notes – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent)] 
27. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] 
[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Business Centre(s): 
[]

--- Page 733 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
733 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business 
Day 
in 
General 
Condition 
21 
Definitions)) 
29. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment for the purposes of the definition of 
Payment 
Day 
in 
General 
Condition 6(f) 
(Payment Days)) 
30. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable/[Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 16 (Redenomination) apply] 
31. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/[The provisions of General 
Condition 12 (Further Issues) apply] 
32. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor) apply] 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
33. 
Schedule A (Redemption and Purchase and 
Events of Default): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify Applicable only where the Notes are 
issued by Citigroup Inc. and the Notes are 
intended to be TLAC eligible. Specify Not 
Applicable where the Notes are issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and the Notes are not intended to 
be TLAC eligible and for Notes issued by 
CGMHI or CGMFL)  
34. 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its (specify) department/group (or any 
successor department/group))] at []] 
35. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][]] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation 
Agent where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal 
Agent. If no Determination Agent is specified, the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation 
Agent) 
36. 
Determinations: 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC)" is applicable) 
(ii) 
Minimum Amount Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
37. 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 734 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
734 
 
38. 
[Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Notes are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium)] 
39. 
Governing law:  
[English Law/State of New York] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ......................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 735 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
735 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Admission to trading and listing 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made for 
the [Tranche []] Notes to be listed to the official 
list and admitted to trading on the [regulated 
market of] [Euronext Dublin]/ [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/ [the London Stock Exchange]/ 
[the electronic "Bond Market" organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]/ [the Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market) 
(Freiverkehr) of ][the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG)] with effect from on or 
around [][of the Tranche [] Notes]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[No assurances can be given that such application 
for listing and admission to trading will be 
granted.] 
[Tranche [] of the Notes [has been/is expected to 
be] made for the Notes to be listed to the official 
list and admitted to trading on the [regulated 
market of] [Euronext Dublin]/ [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/ [the London Stock Exchange]/ 
[the electronic "Bond Market" organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [the Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market) 
(Freiverkehr) of][the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG)] with effect from on or 
around [][of the Tranche [] Notes]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading) 
 
[Estimated expenses relating to admission 
to trading: 
[]]** 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the Notes 
is: 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[]] 
(iv) 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider]* 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 736 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
736 
 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is included in 
the list of credit ratings agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [[Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with such 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder. [[Insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-UK credit rating agency entity] is therefore 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU registered credit rating 
agency entity] in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU registered credit rating agency entity] is

--- Page 737 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
737 
 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation.[ As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation.]] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan / Australia / the USA / the UK / Canada / 
Hong Kong / Singapore / Argentina / Mexico / 
Brazil / South Africa (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU CRA entity that applied 
for registration] may be used in the European 
Union by the relevant market participants.] 
 
 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
UK-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. [Insert 
the legal name of the relevant UK-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with such Regulation.]] The Financial Conduct 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the USA/the EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
UK CRA entity that applied for registration] may 
be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant 
market participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU

--- Page 738 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
738 
 
CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of 
the corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with such Regulation] [[OR:] although notification 
of the corresponding certification decision has not 
yet been provided by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-UK credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the United Kingdom and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the Financial Conduct Authority 
[and [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency] is not included in the list of credit

--- Page 739 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
739 
 
rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the 
EU CRA Regulation of [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU credit rating agency entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in 
the European Union, disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of 
the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity][, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non- UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). However, the application for 
registration under the UK CRA Regulation of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant UK credit 
rating agency entity that applied for registration], 
which is established in the United Kingdom, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK 
credit rating agency entity][, although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
UK credit rating agency entity] is not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan / Australia / 
the USA / the UK / Canada / Hong Kong / 
Singapore / Argentina / Mexico / Brazil / South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may

--- Page 740 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
740 
 
be used in the European Union by the relevant 
market participants.]] 
The Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant UK CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the United 
Kingdom by the relevant market participants.]]] 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup 
Inc. then insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity and the status of its 
application under the EU CRA Regulation or UK 
CRA Regulation (as applicable)] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the Dealer[s]/the 
distributors/specify]/Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions"]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer[. The [Dealers/distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] [and the CGMFL 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] [The Notes are [Green Bonds][Social Bonds]. 
[insert further particulars  if different from 
“Investment Considerations” section]] 
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/[]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from

--- Page 741 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
741 
 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details) 
(Where the Notes are Green Bonds, include further 
particulars, including a description of any Eligible 
Green Assets) 
(Where the Notes are Social Bonds, include further 
particulars, including a description of the 
affordable housing assets. Notes may only be 
Social Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the 
Issuer) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(For retail note, if proceeds are intended for more 
than one use will need to split out and present in 
order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding)] 
 
[(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
(For retail notes, expenses are required to be 
broken down into each principal intended "use" 
and presented in order of priority of such "uses" 
For wholesale notes, provide an estimate of the 
total expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield/Unified Yield Rate]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
(specify Unified Yield Rate for Non-exempt Offers 
in the Republic of Hungary only) 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method 
of calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date]* 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE [UNDERLYING/RATE] 
 
[Details of the performance of [[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ CIBOR/ ROBOR/ 
TIBOR/ HIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM] [CMS] rates] [SONIA Floating Rate] [SONIA Index Floating 
Rate] [SOFR Floating Rate] [SOFR Index Floating Rate] can be obtained [but not] free of charge 
from [[]/Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]]* 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where you copy, publish, distribute and transmit information relating to SONIA; (ii) adapt 
information relating to SONIA; or (iii) exploit information commercially and non-commercially 
in relation to SONIA,: Contains public sector information licensed under the Open Government 
Licence v3.0.]

--- Page 742 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
742 
 
[Performance of Inflation Index of effect on value of investment and associated risks and 
other information concerning the Inflation Index: (Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation 
Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident]* 
[Need to include details of where past and future performances and volatility of [the/each] index 
can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]* [Need 
to include the name of [the/each] index need to include details of where the information about 
[the/each] index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
[Effect of performance of FX [Performance] Rate on value of investment and associated 
risks and other information concerning the FX [Performance] Rate: (Range Accrual Notes 
which reference and FX Rate, FX Performance Notes, Notes for which a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis applies or Notes for which Mandatory Early Redemption applies (in each case, 
where a relevant reference/barrier is an FX Rate) and Dual Currency Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident, where not 
already included in Base Prospectus]* 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the currency 
exchange rate can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge]* [Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the FX 
[Performance] Rate is electronically available [but not] free of charge from the applicable 
[Electronic Page/FX Perf Designated Page] specified for such FX [Performance] Rate in Part A 
above]]*  
[Post Issuance Information 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]*, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ]*, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
                                                     
* 
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 743 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
743 
 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) and 
details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references 
to 
the 
[Relevant 
Clearing 
System/(specify)] shall be deemed to be references 
to such clearing system] 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") via 
the 
CREST 
Depository 
Interest 
("CDI") 
mechanism] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden AB]/[Euroclear Finland Oy] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Citibank 
Europe 
Plc 
(Sweden 
Branch), 
Stockholm, Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met]  
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 744 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
744 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager and 
the 
other 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments and statement of 
portion not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers) 
 
(iii) 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][specify]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None/[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount/No commissions and concessions are 
payable by the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify 
type of fee or commission)] payable by the Dealer 
to any distributor is (specify) of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer 
at the address set out herein/[up to] (specify) per 
cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount which 
comprises the (specify type of fee or commission) 
payable to the [Authorised Offeror]. Investors can 
obtain more information about this fee by 
contacting the relevant [Authorised Offeror] or the 
Dealer at the relevant address(es) set out herein. It 
is anticipated that the exact amount of the (specify 
type of fee or commission) will be published by the 
Issuer on the website of Euronext Dublin on or 
around (specify). In addition to (specify any 
relevant offer price), the [Authorised Offeror] may 
charge investors in (specify) a (specify type of fee 
or commission) of [up to] (specify) per cent. of the 
Aggregate Principal Amount. Investors can obtain 
more information about this fee by contacting the 
[Authorised Offeror] at the address(es) set out 
herein] 
 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes during [the period[s] []-[] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing 
ordinance]]] 
(Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland) 
 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer [(the "[] Offer")] 
of the Notes may be made by [the Dealer(s)] 
[and] []] (the "[] Initial EEA Authorised

--- Page 745 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
745 
 
Offeror(s)") other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
[and/or other than pursuant to Article 36(1) 
FinSA] [and []] during the period from (and 
including) [] to (and including) [] (the "[] 
Offer Period")]] in [] ([])] [[and] any 
additional financial intermediaries who have or 
obtain the Issuer's consent to use the Base 
Prospectus and this Final Terms in connection 
with the Non-exempt Offer and who are 
identified on the Issuer's website at [www.[]] 
as an EEA Authorised Offeror] (together, being 
persons to whom the issuer has given consent, 
the "[] EEA Authorised Offeror(s)") other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation [and/or other than 
pursuant to Article 36(1) FinSA] [and []] in 
[] during the period from [] until [] (the 
"[] Offer Period") [during [] (specify any 
particular times on those days)]. 
 
 
(specify for each jurisdiction in which a Non-
exempt Offer is being undertaken and include 
details of terms relating to lengthening and/or 
shortening of offer period) 
 
 
Offers (if any) in any Member State other than the 
public Offer Jurisdiction(s) will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus 
 
 
["EEA Authorised Offeror(s)" means [] [and [
]].] 
 
 
["Initial EEA Authorised Offeror(s)" means [] 
[and []].] 
 
 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)" means [] [and [
]] 
 
 
See further Paragraph 10 (terms and conditions of 
the offer) below 
 
(ix) 
[General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make 
the offer where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the EU Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus in relevant jurisdictions. No 
such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been 
met. Offers may only be made into jurisdictions in 
which the base prospectus (and any supplement) 
has been notified/passported)]

--- Page 746 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
746 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is 
being prepared] [during the period[s] []-[] 
(repeat as necessary)]] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared 
other than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) 
for the relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified 
and 
details 
provided 
accordingly) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat as necessary)]] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared 
other than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) 
for the relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified 
and 
details 
provided 
accordingly) 
9. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION AND UK BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable]  
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as necessary) 
10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 8(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable) 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 747 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
747 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s), 
address(es), 
legal 
entity 
identifier, docimile, legal form and law and 
country of incorporation to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
11. UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as debt]. [The Notes 
are Non-U.S. Notes]. 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or 
the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for 
additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to 
calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Notes are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2023 and (ii) the 
Notes have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) consist solely of 
one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes are 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs because (i) 
the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Notes are not "delta-one" within the 
meaning of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs 
for the purpose of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the 
Notes consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified 
Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes are not Specified 
ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the Notes consist solely of (i) one or 
more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither 
U.S. equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, that the Notes are not Specified 
ELIs.] [Additional 871(m) information]. 
[Include table below if (i) the Notes are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Notes are not Specified ELIs 
based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test:

--- Page 748 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
748 
 
Underl
ying(s) 
Underl
ying 
Securit
ies 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/Qua
lified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simpl
e 
Contr
act 
(Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contra
ct) 
Substa
ntial 
Equiva
lence 
Test (if 
not 
a 
Simple 
Contra
ct) 
Numb
er 
of 
Shares 
Multip
lied by 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contra
ct) 
Initial 
Hedge 
(if 
applica
ble) 
Additio
nal 
Sectio
n 
871(m) 
Inform
ation 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
] 
12. [EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH NOTE 
WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AS 
SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, GUARANTOR] AND DEALER 
MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL 
OCCUR. 
[Include examples of complex payouts (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive 
explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value 
of the Underlying(s)] 
[Include additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities note annex, which relate to 
the Underlying(s), per Annex 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980]]  
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable)  
13. [CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity represents 
20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities set out in a table (a) the names of the 
reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and (b) the ISIN of the 
Reference Obligation.  In respect of all other Credit Linked Notes insert: 
 
Name: 
[] 
 
Address: 
[] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[]

--- Page 749 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
749 
 
 
[[Non-] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] securities 
code: 
[] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference 
Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference 
Entity and securities code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference 
Obligation/Reference Asset or it has no securities code. Note permissible markets for a Reference 
Entity's securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country 
markets and SME Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets above as appropriate 
for Local Access Credit Linked Notes.) 
 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent) 
** 
Delete if the minimum denomination is less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 750 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
750 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 1 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 10 (Automatic Change of Interest Basis) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms, as required) 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencemen
t Date 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
Type of Notes 
[specify date] 
[specify date] 
[Fixed Rate Notes / [and] Floating Rate Notes / [and] Inflation 
Rate Notes / [and] DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes / [and] 
CMS Interest Linked Notes / [and] Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
/ [and] Range Accrual Notes / [and] Digital [Band] Notes / 
[and] Spread Notes / [and] Volatility Bond Notes / [and] 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes / [and] Previous Coupon Linked 
Notes/[and] FX Performance Notes/[and] Reserve Coupon 
Notes/ [and] Global Interest Floor Notes/[and] Global Interest 
Cap Notes/[and] Restructure Interest Rate Notes/[and] Dual 
Currency Notes] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(I) (Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked Notes – 
Particulars in respect of each Underlying – Mandatory Early Redemption determined by reference to an 
FX Rate) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required) 
Dual Currency Note Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required)] 
 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date]

--- Page 751 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
751 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(K) (Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked Notes – 
Particulars in respect of each Underlying – FX Performance Notes) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as 
required) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(L) (Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked Notes– 
Particulars in respect of each Underlying – Lock-in Change of Interest Basis determined by reference to 
an FX Rate) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required) 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms, as required) 
[Interest Table] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Interest Amount/Broken Amount] 
[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate(s)] 
[Margin]24 
[Interest 
Participation Rate]25 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]26 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
[] per cent. per annum 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][] per cent. per 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
                                                     
24  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
25  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
26  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes where Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount is specified for any Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 752 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
752 
 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (repeat as 
required) 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions) or paragraph 14(vii) 
(Volatility Bond Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if more than one Floating Interest Rate 
is applicable and Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination) or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is applicable or, if more than one forward rate is 
applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]27 
[Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s)]28 
[Forward 
Rate][Ref
erence 
Banks]29 
[Specified 
Time]30 
[Interest Payment Date(s) 
/ [] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See General 
Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[[] month [(the "Designated 
Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [insert currency] 
[EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid 
rate for AUD bills of exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]] [SONIA 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[SONIA Index Floating Rate 
(specify 
details)] 
[SOFR 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[SOFR Index Floating Rate 
(specify details)] [insert details 
of implied forward rate] 
[]] 
[] 
[] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if more than one Floating Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable, as required) 
[Floating Rate Table] 
Interest Period End Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Designated 
Maturity 
Reset Date 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] [(See General Condition 
6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[] 
[] 
[] [First day 
of the relevant 
Interest Period] 
                                                     
27  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
28  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
29 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
30  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 753 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
753 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions), 14(i)(C) (Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions), 14(i)(D) (DIR Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions:), 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest 
Linked Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as 
applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Inverse Fixed 
Rate / Inverse 
Reference 
Rate / 
Specified Rate 
1 / Specified 
Rate 2]31 
[Margin 
[(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate)]]32 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate [(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate)]]33 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate]34 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]35 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest 
Amount]36 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is 
more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margi
n 1]37 
[Interest 
Participat
ion Rate 
1]38 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]39 
[Margi
n 2]40 
[Interest 
Participat
ion Rate 
2]41 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]42 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted in 
[Not 
Applica
ble / [+/-
][] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applica
ble / [+/-
][] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
                                                     
31  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if different for each Interest Period/Interest Payment Date. 
32  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
33  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
34  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
35  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
36  
Insert for Inflation Rate Notes or Range Accrual Notes if the Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount specified is different for each 
Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.  
37  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
38  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
39  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
40  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
41  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
42  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 754 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
754 
 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
/not 
adjusted]] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate for different Interest Periods, as required) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference 
rate][one[s]]43 
[Inverse Reference 
Rate]44 
[reference 
rate][two[s]]45 
[Specified Rate 1]46 
[Specified Rate 2]47 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]48 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]49 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]50 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 (Insert the table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different for each Interest 
Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Reference 
Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper 
Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period 
if different 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, and if the Interest Rate, 
Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 2 and Lower Range 2, 
as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interes
t Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Interes
t Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Upper 
Range 
1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower 
Range 2] 
[Upper 
Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Upper 
Range 
3] 
                                                     
43  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
44  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
45  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
46  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
47  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
48  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
49  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
50  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 755 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
755 
 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 1]* 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 2]* 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 3]* 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", 
"Reference Observation 2" under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 
3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each Interest Period if different. 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each Interest Period, 
as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection 
Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if 
Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for 
each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Note Provisions] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Relevant 
Spread 
Rate]51 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)]52 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)]53 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]54 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option 
One] / [Spread 
Cap] 
applicable 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if 
Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period is different) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation 
Rate] [Spread Rate 3 
                                                     
51  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
52  
Insert if Margin (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
53  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
54  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable or is the same for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 756 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
756 
 
Rate]55 
[Minimum/Maxim
um Reference 
Rate]* 
Interest Participation 
Rate]56 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for 
"Spread Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if Relevant SF Rate, or the Margin (SF Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (SF 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant SF Rate 
for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant SF Rate]57 
[Margin (SF Interest 
Rate)]58 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate)]59 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]60 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option One] / 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if Rate 1 Margin, Rate 2 Margin, Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate, SF Rate 1 Margin, SF Rate 2 Margin, SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, SF Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[SF] [Rate 1]* 
[SF] [Rate 2]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[SF] 
[Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, additional columns if different for each Interest Period. 
 
                                                     
55  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period. 
56  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period. 
57  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
58  
Insert if Margin (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
59  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
60  
Insert if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is different for each Interest Period.

--- Page 757 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
757 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if the Previous Coupon Reference Rate, Rate 1 and Rate 2 for each Interest Period or 
Interest Payment Date is different) 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Previous Coupon 
Linked Payment 
Date] 
[Margin 
(Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Interest 
Rate)]61 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Interest 
Rate)]62 
[Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate] 
[Rate 1]63 [Rate 2]64 
[Minimum 
/ 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate]65 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in 
each year] [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-] [] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] (repeat 
as required)  
Previous Coupon[, 
[plus/minus] 
[(i)] 
Rate 1][, multiplied 
by 
Rate 
1 
Participation Rate] 
[, [plus/minus] (ii) 
Rate 2][, multiplied 
by 
Rate 
2 
Participation Rate] 
(repeat as required)  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid
-Market] Swap Rate 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: []] 
Relevant Time: [] 
Reference Currency: [
] 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): [] 
Page: [] 
Reference Banks: []] 
(insert if required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if the Rate 1 Participation Rate, Rate 2 Participation Rate, Minimum / Maximum Reference 
Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate 
Rate 1 
Rate 2 
                                                     
61  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
62  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
63  
Delete if Rate 1 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
64  
Delete if Rate 2 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
65  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 758 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
758 
 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
[Rate 1 
Participation 
Rate]66 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]67 
[Rate 2 
Participation 
Rate]68 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]69 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(x) (FX Performance Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if the Reserve Coupon Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[FX Performance Table for FX Performance Notes] 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[FX Performance 
1] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 1] 
[FX Performance 
2] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 2] 
FX 
Performanc
e 
Participatio
n rate 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 1 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in 
paragraph 13(ii) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
15(B) above]  
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 2 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in 
paragraph 13(ii) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
15(C) above 
above] (repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(xi) (Reserve Coupon Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if the Reserve Coupon Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[Reserve Coupon Table for Reserve Coupon Notes] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Reserve Coupon 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as required) 
[] per cent. per annum (repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 20(iv) (Mandatory Early Redemption) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date is different) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Determination 
Date(s) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount 
[TARN Rate] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as required)  
 
                                                     
66  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
67  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
68  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
69  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 759 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
759 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 2 
(Details of Reference Rate(s) (or Specified Rate(s) in the case of Inverse Floating Rate Notes) to be 
inserted into the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required)  
 
[Reference Rate [One(s)]/Specified Rate [One] 
(insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Forward Rate] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate) [Manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / USD LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) / 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination) 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] applies] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) [Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] (if more than one interest rate, specify 
Interest Period End Dates to which each interest 
rate applies by inserting a Reference Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] month[s] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Specified Time: 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)][Specified 
Lock-in 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable:

--- Page 760 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
760 
 
Determination Date(s)][Specified MER 
Determination Date(s)]: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in [(specify)] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period/First 
day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete 
if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate and USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination 
is applicable) [USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[USD LIBOR] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (If more 
than one specify Interest Period End Dates to 
which each interest rate applies by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table, the form of which is set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[Second day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]] 
 
Specified Time: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table]

--- Page 761 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
761 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
 
[Margin (for the USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
 (insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
ISDA Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[]] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Floating 
Rate) [SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Non-Index Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period]/[]] 
 
[Margin (for the SONIA Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SONIA Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Index 
Floating 
Rate) 
[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination (Index Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA]  
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date] [] 
 
Relevant Number: 
[]

--- Page 762 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
762 
 
 
[Margin (for the SONIA Index Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SOFR Floating Rate 
or SOFR Index Floating Rate) [SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR]  
 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]  
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily 
SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable) 
 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]  
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, except 
where Index Determination is applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] []  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] []  
 
[Margin (for the SOFR Floating Rate or 
SOFR Index Floating Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest Rate) 
[CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest 
Rates" 
or 
"CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", insert heading 
"CMS Reference Rate 
1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]]

--- Page 763 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
763 
 
 
[ 
Relevant Financial Centre:] 
(Insert if Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-
Market Swap Rate) 
[] 
[] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[]  
[]  
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[]  
 
Interest 
Determination  
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
[][As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate 
[1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):]  [Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]):  
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):]  
[[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)]] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Forward Rate – 
applicable only in respect of Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions) 
 
 
[Reference Rate: 
Implied Forward Rate: [specify] forward rate (if 
more than one forward rate, specify Interest 
Period End Dates to which each forward rate 
applies by inserting a Reference Rate Table, the

--- Page 764 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
764 
 
form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
Periodic Rate Determination is applicable: 
[Specify] 
 
Forward Rate Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(iii) (Forward Rate Notes)]] 
[Reference Rate [One(s)/Two(s)] /Specified Rate 
Two (insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes):] 
[Fixed Interest Rate/ Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate] (repeat above details as required 
for Reference Rate Two or if there is more than 
one Reference Rate Ones, or Specified Rate Two 
for Inverse Floating Rate Notes) 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
(insert 
if 
any 
Reference 
Rate  
is subject to a Minimum Reference Rate) 
[Minimum Reference Rate: 
 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject 
to 
a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum Reference Rate: 
 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 765 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
765 
 
[SCHEDULE TO FINAL TERMS] 
(Insert as a Schedule to the Final Terms as required) 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation 
is applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest 
Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/Relevant Swap 
Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]70 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]71 
[Reference 
Banks]72 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]73 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [] % 
per annum] 
 
[Reference Rate: [] month[s] 
[(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / 
LIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]] 
 
[Floating Rate Option: []] 
month[s] 
(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") 
[]] 
[SONIA 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[SONIA Index Floating Rate 
(specify 
details)] 
[SOFR 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[SOFR Index Floating Rate 
(specify details)] 
 
[Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
Reference Currency: []] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
                                                     
70  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
71  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
72 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
73  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 766 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
766 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page
] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]74 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]75 
[Reference 
Banks]76 
 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]77 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page
] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]78 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]79 
[Reference 
Banks]80 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]81 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page
] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]82 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]83 
[Reference 
Banks]84 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]85 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for 
each Interest Period 
(Insert if Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is different for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date) 
[Rollerball Reference Determination Table] 
 
[Rollerball Reference Observation] [Rollerball Barrier]* 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate/]Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/Relevant Swap 
Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]86 
[Reset Date] 
[MER 
Determination 
Date(s)]87 
[Reference 
Banks]88 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]89 
                                                     
74  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
75  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
76 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
77  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
78  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
79  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
80 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
81  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
82  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
83  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
84 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
85  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
86  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.  
87  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.  
88  
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM.  
89  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 767 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
767 
 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [] % per 
annum] 
 
[Reference Rate: [] month[s] 
[(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / 
LIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]] 
 
[Floating Rate Option: []] 
month[s] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) []] [SONIA Floating 
Rate (specify details)] [SONIA 
Index Floating Rate (specify 
details)] [SOFR Floating Rate 
(specify details)] [SOFR Index 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
 
[Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
Reference Currency: []] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
* Insert additional columns for Rollerball Barrier if different for each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date

--- Page 768 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
768 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1  
Reference 
Entity  
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 769 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
769 
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at  Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity:  
Weighted Average Final Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 770 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
770 
 
APPENDIX 2 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity:  
Transactio
n Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable 
, 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable, 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set  
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable 
, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 771 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
771 
 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 772 ---
Summary of the Notes 
 
772 
 
[ANNEX] 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
(insert completed Summary for the Notes where the denomination of the Notes is less than EUR100,000)]

--- Page 773 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
773 
 
SECTION G.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s][]-[] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, 
save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and regulations 
made thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].3 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which a 
key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition 
period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or 
the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged" products or 
the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable". 
3  
To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA.

--- Page 774 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
774 
 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who 
is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having 
opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined 
in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]4  
[This Pricing Supplement has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA. Accordingly, the Notes may not be 
publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.]5 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]6 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Units of 
Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of each Unit)] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.] 7 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]8 
Under the U.S.$80,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
[The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the Federal Reserve's total 
loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule. As a result, in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup 
Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup Inc.'s 
shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Notes. Further, in a 
bankruptcy proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realised by holders of the Notes may not be sufficient 
to repay the amounts owed on the Notes. For more information about the consequences of TLAC on the 
notes, you should refer to "Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc." 
in the section "Description of Citigroup Inc" in the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus.] 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that: 
(a) 
any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State 
of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer; and 
                                                     
4  
Include if Notes are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in 
Switzerland. 
5  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Delete as applicable 
7  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL 
8  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI

--- Page 775 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
775 
 
(b) 
any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom ("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the 
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of the Notes 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as 
amended, the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]7 [the CGMFL Guarantor]8 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor does any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
[For the purpose hereof, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA").] 
The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]2 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]3 have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any state securities law. [The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]2 [and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]68 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) Each 
purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]9 [The Notes are being offered 
and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on the exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder ("Rule 144A"). Each purchaser of the Notes 
or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and each account 
for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer or any 
affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A 
and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction.]10 The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]69 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]68 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Notes, see "General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes - 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The Notes are [English/New York] Law Notes[ that are also [Swedish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer 
shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw.skuldbok) from Euroclear 
Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear 
Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish 
Notes, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list)].]  
                                                     
9  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S 
10  
Include for the Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A

--- Page 776 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
776 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes", the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the Underlying Schedule[s] [applicable to [the/each] Underlying]] in the Base Listing Particulars 
[and the Supplement[s].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
CGMHI Guarantor]11 [the CGMFL Guarantor]12 and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [the website of 
the [] ([])]. [In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [(specify)]]. 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars 
in relation to the Programme dated 8 July 2021.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars 
relating to the Programme dated 8 July 2021, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] 
"Supplement [No. []]")[, a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [No. []]")] [and a 
Supplement (No. []) dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together with [Supplement No. []] [and 
Supplement No. [],] the "Supplements")].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", [and the 
Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base Listing Particulars [as 
supplemented by the Supplement[s]].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] thereto, save in respect of 
the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the 
Supplement[s] thereto] and are incorporated by reference into the Current Base Listing Particulars. Full 
information on the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor]13 and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [and the 
Supplement[s] thereto] and the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] thereto]. 
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars [is/are] available for 
viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [the website of [] ([])]. The Current Base Listing Particulars [and 
the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing Particulars [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of 
the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [the website 
of [] ([])]. In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [(specify)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, "Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated [].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, "Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup 
                                                     
11  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL 
12  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
13 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI

--- Page 777 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
777 
 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated [], as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [to the Base Listing 
Particulars] [No. []]") [and a "Supplement (No. [])" dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together 
with Supplement No. [], the "Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars")].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 8 July 2021.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 8 July 2021, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. 
[]) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] [No. []]") [and a 
Supplement (No. []) dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together with Supplement No. [], the 
"Supplements to the Current Base Listing Particulars")].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.]7  
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Notes issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by 
Citigroup Inc. 
Only Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. are guaranteed by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited.) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Notes become fungible) 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[The 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [] /[the Issue 
Date]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[specify currency] 
[The Notes are Dual Currency Notes. "Specified 
Currency" means: 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination and the Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
"Denomination 
Currency"): [] 
(b) 
in respect of payments (the "Relevant 
Currency"): []]

--- Page 778 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
778 
 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] [Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] [Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
 
 
[The Notes are issued in Units. Accordingly, 
references herein to Units shall be deemed to be 
references to [] in principal amount of the 
Notes and all references in the Conditions to 
payments being made in respect of a Calculation 
Amount shall be construed to such payments 
being made in respect of a Unit] 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Units in respect 
of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (insert 
for fungible issues, if applicable) [converted into 
the Relevant Currency at the Initial FX Rate, 
being [specify in Relevant Currency] in respect 
of the Aggregate Principal Amount. "Initial FX 
Rate" means []] 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [Unit] 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers 
can be made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, 
there shall be one denomination only) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] [Unit] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/As set out in the table at paragraph 10 
below/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where there is more than one interest basis 
then the Interest Commencement Date for each 
interest basis should be specified by inserting

--- Page 779 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
779 
 
the Interest Basis Table at paragraph 10, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
8. 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to []] 
9. 
Type of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate Notes/Floating Rate Notes/Inflation 
Rate Notes/DIR Inflation Linked Notes [that are 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes][and][in 
respect of which a DIR Linked Redemption 
Amount is applicable]/CMS Interest Linked 
Notes/Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes/Range 
Accrual Notes/Digital [Band] Notes/Spread 
Notes/Volatility Bond Notes/Synthetic Forward 
Rate Notes/Previous Coupon Linked Notes/and 
FX Performance Notes/and Reserve Coupon 
Notes/and Restructure Interest Rate Notes/and 
Global Interest Floor Notes/and Global Interest 
Cap Notes] [The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes 
and do not bear or pay any interest] [The Notes 
are Credit Linked Notes] [The Notes are [also] 
Dual Currency Notes] [As set out in the table at 
paragraph 10 below] 
 
 
(The Notes may be one or more of the types 
described above and as further set out below.) 
10. 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable[: As set out in the table below 
(specify the Interest Commencement Date, 
Interest Period End Date(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) and Type of Notes by inserting 
the Interest Basis Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 
1)]/[Describe 
changes] /Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options 
[Issuer Call as specified in item ] 
 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item ] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL) 
 
(iii) Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI)

--- Page 780 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
780 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
13. 
Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule apply (subject as 
provided 
in 
any 
relevant 
Underlying 
Schedule)][Not Applicable] 
(the following information may be tabulated if 
there is more than one Underlying)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
(Underlying: 
[specify] 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s) 
[specify each Underlying, including any 
identification numbers, where relevant )] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Inflation Index (this applies for both Inflation 
Rate 
Notes 
and 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes)]/[Rate (this would normally only apply 
for Range Accrual Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted)] 
[FX 
Rate 
(EMTA 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]) (this applies 
only for Range Accrual Notes (where any 
Reference Obligation is an FX Rate), for FX 
Performance Notes (for which purpose any of 
FX Performance [1/2] is an FX Rate, for any 
Notes for which Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis applies (for which purpose the Lock-in 
Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an 
FX Rate), for any Notes for which Mandatory 
Early Redemption is specified as applicable and 
the Rollerball MER Condition applies (for 
which 
purpose 
the 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier is an FX 
Rate), for Dual Currency Notes, for Digital 
Notes (where any Digital Reference Rate is an 
FX Rate) and for Digital Band Notes (where any 
Reference Rate is an FX Rate) (Note for Digital 
Band Notes, FX Rate should not be specified for 
Reference Rate One, Reference Rate Two, Band 
Rate, Band Rate One or Band Rate Two))] 
(specify for each Underlying/Reference Entity) 
(specify for each Underlying/Reference Entity) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[] (specify for each Underlying/Reference 
Entity) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) 
shall 
apply/[specify]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 781 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
781 
 
 
(B) 
Revision 
of 
Level 
of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
 
(NB: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is 
specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to 
apply)] 
 
 
[Rate(s): 
(Specify for each Rate, and the following 
information may be tabulated if there is more 
than one Rate) 
 
 
(A) Valuation Time: 
[(specify)] 
 
 
(B) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [] (specify each)] [A day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open] [A 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day] 
 
 
 
(This would normally only apply for certain 
Range Accrual Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted) 
 
 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions are 
Not Applicable: 
(Specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
 
(A) FX Rate:  
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [[the inverse of] []] / [the 
product of [] and []] / [the quotient of [] (as 
numerator) and [] (as denominator)]] (delete or 
combine as applicable) 
 
 
(B) Exchange Rate: 
 
 
 
 Base Currency: 
[] 
 
 
 Quote Currency: 
[] 
 
 
 Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
 
(C) [Event Currency /Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-Transferability", 
"Material 
Change in Circumstances", "Nationalisation", 
"Specific Inconvertibility" or "Specific Non-
Transferability" are specified as Currency 
Disruption Events below)] 
 
 
(D) Specified Financial Centres: 
[] 
 
 
(E) Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
is [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[
]/[specify days] prior to (but excluding) each day 
on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Notes/as set out in the Dual Currency

--- Page 782 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
782 
 
Note Table] (specify each DC Valuation Date, if 
different, by inserting a Dual Currency Note 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)] 
 
 
(F) Range Accrual Notes 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
 
(G) FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable]  
[[FX Performance [1/2] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary)] 
 
 
(H) 
Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/as set out in 
the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
(Specify each Lock-in Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table the form of which is in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 
1) (repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
 
 
(I) 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball 
Barrier] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Specified MER 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/As set out 
in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
(Specify each Specified MER Determination 
Date, if different, by inserting a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Table the form of which is in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 
1) (repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[The Number of postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
 
 
(J) 
Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
 
 
(K) Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]

--- Page 783 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
783 
 
 
 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions are 
Applicable:  
(Specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
 
(A) FX Rate Source: 
[] 
 
 
(B) Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates) 
 
 
 
[] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
 
[[] in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
 
 
[[] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
 
(C) Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
 
(D) Settlement Currency: 
[] 
 
 
(E) Reference Currency 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(F) Settlement Currency Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(G) Number of Settlement Business 
Days: 
[] [Settlement Currency Business Days] 
 
 
(H) Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement:  
[] consecutive calendar days 
 
 
(I) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions:  [Not Applicable]  
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
is [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[
]/[specify days] prior to (but excluding) each day 
on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Notes/as set out in the Dual Currency 
Note Table] (specify each DC Valuation Date, if 
different, by inserting a Dual Currency Note 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
 
 
(J) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
 
(K) FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[FX Performance [1/2] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]]

--- Page 784 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
784 
 
 
 
(L) 
Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/as set out in 
the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
(Specify each Lock-in Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table the form of which is in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 
1) (repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]] 
 
 
(M) Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball 
Barrier] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Specified MER 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/As set out 
in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
(Specify each Specified MER Determination 
Date, if different, by inserting a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Table the form of which is in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 
1) (repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Business Days is 
[]]]  
 
 
(N) Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
 
(O) Digital Bank Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type 
of Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
 
 
(the following information may be tabulated) 
 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
 
(A) Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [(specify)]] 
 
 
(B) Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/specify] 
 
 
 
(NB: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date)

--- Page 785 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
785 
 
 
 
(C) Revision Cut-off Date 
[[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/specify] 
 
 
 
(NB: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the 
cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date) 
 
 
[Rate/Rates: 
 
 
 
(A) ISDA Fallback Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, the following provisions are 
Not Applicable) 
 
 
I. 
Floating Rate Option: 
[(specify)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
II. 
Designated Maturity: 
[(specify)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(B) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions are 
Not Applicable: 
 
 
 
(A) Currency Disruption Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary Rate: [The First Fallback Reference 
Rate [and the Second Fallback Reference 
Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per cent.] 
 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
 
 
(Specify the Currency Disruption Events which 
apply (if any) and the related definitions) 
 
 
(B) Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
 
 
 
(A) Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose:

--- Page 786 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
786 
 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary Rate: [The First Fallback 
Reference Rate [and the Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per cent.] 
 
 
(B) Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the 
following order: 
 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related First Fallback Reference 
Rate: 
 
 
 
First Fallback Reference Rate: []  
 
 
 
First Fallback Rate Source: []  
 
 
 
First Fallback Valuation Time: []  
 
 
 
First Fallback Electronic Page: []  
 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: []  
 
 
 
Second Fallback Rate Source: []  
 
 
 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: []  
 
 
 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [] 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination]] 
 
 
 
(Specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and 
the order in which they apply) 
 
 
(C) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify for each 
FX Rate where different) 
 
 
(D) Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Valuation Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(A) Valuation Disruption (Scheduled 
Trading Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(c)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Preceding Scheduled Trading Day] (specify 
for a Rate only and where the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c)

--- Page 787 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
787 
 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
 
(B) Valuation Disruption (Disrupted 
Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Disrupted 
Days 
and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
 
(C) Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Valuation Roll 
will be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 6(f) (Interest Observation Date) will 
apply instead of this paragraph 13(iv)) 
(In the case of Notes for which Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis applies, the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(d) 
(Lock-in Determination Date) will apply in 
respect of a Lock-in Determination Date instead 
of this paragraph 13(iv) where "Preceding 
Determination" 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Determination Date Valuation Method) 
(In the case of Notes for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption applies, the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 22(b)(iii) (MER 
Determination Date) will apply in respect of a 
MER Determination Date instead of this 
paragraph 
13(iv) 
where 
"Preceding 
Determination" 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Determination Date Valuation Method) 
(Include for Lock-in Change of Interest Basis or 
Mandatory Early Redemption (in each case, 
where a relevant reference/barrier is an FX 
Rate) where "Succeeding Determination" is 
specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method) 
 
(v) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS 
14. 
Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Notes do not 
bear or pay interest] 
 
 
 
[Payment of interest is also subject to the 
"Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes" as 
specified in item 18 below] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 788 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
788 
 
 
(i) 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [[14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [below] 
]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Fixed Interest Rate 
(specify Fixed Interest Rate if Accrual is 
applicable)] 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (specify each Specified Fixed Rate if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest Amount[s]: 
[[]per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Interest Table] (specify each Interest Amount if 
more than one by inserting an Interest Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 3 (Dual Currency Notes)] 
 
 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on][]] [As set 
out in the Interest Table] (specify each Broken 
Amount if more than one by inserting an Interest 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)[, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to 
which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in paragraph 14(ii) below] 
[As set out in the Interest Table] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(if more than one fixed interest amount and/or 
broken amount, specify Interest Payment Dates 
to which each fixed rate applies by inserting an 
Interest Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable

--- Page 789 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
789 
 
 
 
[OR: 
 
 
 
II. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
 
III. Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) below][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
IV. Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] (See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
V. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360]  
 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[1/1]  
 
 
VI. Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
VII. Margin(s) (for the Specified 
Fixed Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Margin if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
VIII. Interest Participation Rate 
(for the Specified Fixed 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (specify each Interest Participation Rate 
if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(B) Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 790 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
790 
 
 
 
I. 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which 
the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in paragraph 14(ii) below] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] (See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
 
 
 
[As set out in the [Reference Rate/Floating Rate] 
Table] (specify each Interest Period End Date 
by inserting a Reference Rate Table or Floating 
Rate Table (as applicable), the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
III. Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating Interest Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / USD LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) / 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination) 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] applies. 
 
 
IV. Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[] 
 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
VI. Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR 
/ HIBOR] [BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of exchange)] 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date

--- Page 791 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
791 
 
by inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Interbank Market: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [(specify)] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period/First day of each Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Page: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]] 
 
 
VII. 
USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [USD LIBOR] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date 
by inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable:

--- Page 792 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
792 
 
[Second day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01] [] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Specified Time: [][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition  5(h) (Definitions)] 
 
 
VIII. ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: [] [As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which 
applies to each Interest Period ending on an 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Floating 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[][As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period][As 
set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
 
 
IX. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Page: 
[] [SONIAOSR=] [As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
X. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 793 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
793 
 
(Index 
Determination): 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Number: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
XI. 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [SOFR] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily 
SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable) 
 
 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, except 
where Index Determination is applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index Determination: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date and "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater]] [] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
XII. 
Linear Interpolation: [Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
XIII. 
Margin(s) (for the 
Screen 
Rate 
(if 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 794 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
794 
 
applies) 
, 
the 
Reference Rate (if 
USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination 
applies), the ISDA 
Rate (if ISDA Rate 
Determination 
applies), the SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
(if 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination) 
applies), the SONIA 
Index Floating Rate 
(if SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination 
(Index 
Determination) 
applies) or the SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
or 
SOFR 
Index 
Floating 
Rate 
(if 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination 
applies)): 
 
 
XIV. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate (for Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 14(ii) below] (insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
XV. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate (for Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii) below] (insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
XVI. 
Day Count Fraction: [Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 795 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
795 
 
 
 
XVII. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
XVIII. Interest Participation 
Rate (for the Screen 
Rate (if Screen Rate 
Determination 
applies), 
the 
Reference Rate (if 
USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination 
applies), the ISDA 
Rate (if ISDA Rate 
Determination 
applies) 
or 
the 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
(if 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination) 
applies)): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(C) Inflation Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [below]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inflation Rate Note 
Provisions only apply to the Interest Payment 
Date(s) where the related Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ 
immediately 
succeeding 
Lock-in 
Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] (See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 796 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
796 
 
 
 
III. Interest Amount Inflation 
Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
 
IV. Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
V. 
UCL 
Relevant 
Months 
Prior: 
(specify) months 
 
 
VI. UCL 12 + Relevant Months 
Prior: 
(specify) months 
 
 
VII. DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
VIII. Interest Participation Rate 
(IPR): 
[] [Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
IX. Minimum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Minimum Interest Amount if 
different for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
X. 
Maximum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Maximum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by tabulating 
this information in a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(D) 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [below]] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the DIR Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate

--- Page 797 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
797 
 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Note Provisions only apply to the 
Interest Payment Date(s) where the related 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] (See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
III. DIR Index: 
(Specify Underlying) 
 
 
IV. Base Index Figure: 
[] 
 
 
V. 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable / [+1-] [] per amount per 
annum] (specify each Margin if different for 
each Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
VI. Index Month A: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar 
months 
 
 
VII. Index Month B: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar 
months 
 
 
VIII. DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
IX. Interest Participation Rate 
(IPR): 
[][Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
X. 
Minimum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Minimum Interest Amount if 
different for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
XI. Maximum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Maximum Interest Amount if 
different for each Interest Payment Date by

--- Page 798 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
798 
 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(E) CMS 
Interest 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[- 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the CMS Interest 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in paragraph 14(ii) below] 
[PROVIDED THAT the CMS Interest Linked 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] (See General Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify 
each Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
III. Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[] 
 
 
IV. Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
V. 
CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
 
[CMS Reference Rate 
[1]] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest 
Rates" 
or 
"CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", insert heading 
"CMS Reference Rate 
1") 
[CMS Reference Rate 
2] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest 
Rates" 
or 
"CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
this 
column) 
 
 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid
-Market] Swap Rate

--- Page 799 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
799 
 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate) 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS Reference Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS Reference Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
 
 
 
Minimum Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
Maximum Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
VI. Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
VII. Margin 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 
2 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by

--- Page 800 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
800 
 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
VIII. Minimum Interest Rate (for 
CMS Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii) below] (insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
IX. Maximum Interest Rate (for 
CMS Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii) below] (insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
X. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
XI. Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
XII. Interest Participation Rate 
[1] (for CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph XIII) 
 
 
XIII. Interest Participation Rate 2 
(for CMS Reference Rate 
2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 801 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
801 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions 
apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention)) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Range Accrual Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
(B) Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 14(i) above 
/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 14(i)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 
14(i)(E) above]  
 
 
 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(C) Single Reference Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(D) Dual Reference Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(E) Triple Reference Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(F) Reference Observation [1] (insert 
"Reference Observation 1" if 
Dual Reference Observation or 
Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where there is more than 
one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier is 
different for each Reference Rate for each 
relevant interest period.]  
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, 
specify 
what 
the 
Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2 
below and if Triple Reference Observation is 
specified to be applicable, specify what the 
Reference Observation will be for each of 
Reference 
Observation 
1, 
Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 
below.] 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation 
or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
Reference Observation 1) is different for each

--- Page 802 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
802 
 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier [1] (insert "Barrier 1" if 
Dual Reference Observation or 
Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier [1] is different for each 
Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier 
[1]/Less than or equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert 
"Barrier 1" if Dual Reference Observation is 
applicable) [Not Applicable]  
 
 
Lower Range [1] (insert "Lower 
Range 1" if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation is applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower Range [1] Option (insert 
"Lower Range 1 Option" if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range [1] (insert "Upper 
Range 1" if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation is applicable):  
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range [1] Option (insert 
"Upper Range 1 Option" if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] (for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert "Reference Observation 
1" if Dual Reference Observation 
or Triple Reference Observation 
is applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If 
the Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
insert the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required. If there is more than 
one Reference Rate [One(s)], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest

--- Page 803 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
803 
 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] 
(insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS 
Interest 
Rate/Spread 
Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two by repeating sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraph above for Reference Rate Two, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more than 
one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)] 
 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or 
"Triple Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
 
(G) Reference Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation 2 is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 2:] (insert if Barrier 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier 2 is different for each 
Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier Reference:] (insert if 
Barrier 2 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than 
or equal to the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 2:] (insert if Lower 
Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 804 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
804 
 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range 2:] (insert if Upper 
Range 1 is specified) 
[][As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 Option:] (insert if 
Upper Range 2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] (for 
Reference Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If 
the Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
insert the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required. If there is more than one Reference 
Rate [One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference 
Observation 
2):] 
(insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Reference Rate: 
see paragraph 14(vi)]  
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two by repeating sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraph above for Reference Rate Two, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more than 
one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two) 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
(H) [Reference Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one

--- Page 805 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
805 
 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation 3 is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Barrier 3:] (insert if Barrier 1 
is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier 3 is different for each 
Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Barrier Reference:] (insert if 
Barrier 3 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than 
or equal to the Barrier 3]  
 
[Lower Range 3:] (insert if 
Lower Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Lower Range 3 Option:] 
(insert if Lower Range 3 is 
specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 3:] (insert if 
Upper Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 3 Option:] 
(insert if Upper Range 3 is 
specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] (for 
Reference Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If 
the Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
insert the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required. If there is more than 
one Reference Rate [One(s)], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One(s)])

--- Page 806 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
806 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference Observation 3):] 
(insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS 
Interest 
Rate/Spread 
Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two by repeating sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraph above for Reference Rate Two, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more than 
one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(I) 
Lev: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(J) 
Adj: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(K) RA Cap: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(L) RA Floor: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(M) Protected 
Range 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[]%] [As set out in the 
Range Accrual Table] (Specify for each relevant 
interest period by inserting the Range Accrual 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)] 
 
(N) Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days]

--- Page 807 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
807 
 
 
(O) Accrual Business Day Centre: [] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify 
this if the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a 
specified number of Accrual Business Days. 
This is not applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off 
Date is the Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
(P) Accrual Cut-Off Date (the 
"Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the 
specified number of calendar 
days or Accrual Business 
Days preceding the last day of 
the relevant Interest Period 
(Specified Accrual Cut-Off 
Date) and shall be five 
Accrual Days if "Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date" is 
specified): 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date] 
 
 
Specified Accrual Cut-
Off Date: 
[] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Q) Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
 
(R) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E)] above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(S) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E)] above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(T) Minimum Interest Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
(U) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
(iii) 
Digital Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which 
the 
Digital 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention)) 
[PROVIDED 
THAT 
the 
Digital 
Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest

--- Page 808 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
808 
 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Back Up Rate: 
[] 
[Include details of whether the Back Up Rate is 
a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
 
(C) Digital Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital 
Reference Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (iii) CMS Interest Rate or (iv) FX Rate, and 
in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required), in all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to 
the Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
[Where the Digital Reference Rate is an FX 
Rate: See paragraph 13 for details of the FX 
Rate] 
 
(D) Reserve Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Reserve Rate will 
be the sum of more than one rate (each a 
"Specified Rate") or one rate less another rate 
(each a "Specified Rate") and whether the 
Reserve Rate or each Specified Rate is a (i) 
Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by

--- Page 809 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
809 
 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
 
(E) Digital Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital Rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
 
(F) Reserve Rate Reference: 
[Greater than the Reserve Rate/Greater than or 
equal to the Reserve Rate/Less than the Reserve 
Rate/Less than or equal to the Reserve Rate] 
 
(G) Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(H) Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Digital Determination Date: 
[] 
 
(J) [Interest Period End Date(s):] 
(insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(K) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 810 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
810 
 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(iv) 
Digital Band Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in paragraph 
[14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] [14(xii)] [and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Digital Band Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention)) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Band Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Reference 
Rate 
Only 
or 
Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two: 
[Reference Rate Only/Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two] applicable 
 
(C) [Reference Rate:] 
[] 
 
 
(Where there are different Reference Rate(s) for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate(s), the Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, to which it applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
as applicable, and whether the Reference Rate 
is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate or (c) FX Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required]

--- Page 811 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
811 
 
[Where the Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See 
paragraph 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
 
[Reference Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
(Where there are different Reference Rate Ones 
for different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate One, the Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, to which it 
applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate 
One, as applicable, and whether Reference Rate 
One is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
e.g. any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Reference Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
(Where there are different Reference Rate Twos, 
for different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate Two, the Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, to which it 
applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two, as applicable, and whether Reference Rate 
Two is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
(D) Bands: 
(Where there are different Bands for different 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
specify in relation to each Band the Interest 
Period and/or Interest Payment Dates to which 
it applies) 
 
 
(i) 
Band 
1: 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two] is [less than] [less than or 
equal to] [] [per cent.];

--- Page 812 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
812 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Band 
2: 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two] is [greater than][greater 
than or equal to] [] but [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [] [per cent.]; 
 
 
[(iii) 
(only include Band 3 if applicable): 
[The Reference Rate] [Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two] is 
[greater than][greater than or equal to] 
[] [but] [less than] [less than or equal 
to] [] [per cent.];] 
 
 
(if there are additional bands occurring after 
band 3 but before the last occurring band which 
shall be as described below repeat paragraph (iii) 
above for such additional bands but with the 
relevant band levels) 
 
 
[() 
Band [] (to be numerically labelled 
as the last band so if four bands in total 
this would be "Band 4") [The 
Reference Rate] [Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two] is [greater 
than] [greater than or equal to] [] [per 
cent.] 
 
(E) 
I. 
Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1: 
(Where there are different Band Rates for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each Band 
Rate the Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates to which it applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 1 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 1 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin in relation to Band 
1, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the details 
set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 1 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 1 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 813 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
813 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is determined pursuant to paragraph I of 
"Band Rate in relation to Band 1" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 1 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 1 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is determined pursuant to paragraph I of 
"Band Rate in relation to Band 1" above") 
 
II. 
Band 
Rate 
in 
relation to Band 
2: 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 2 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 2 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin in relation 
to Band 2, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 2 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 2 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 814 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
814 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is determined pursuant to paragraph II 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 2" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 2 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 2 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is determined pursuant to paragraph II 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 2" above") 
 
III. [Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 (only include if 
applicable): 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 3 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 3 is a (i) 
Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin in relation 
to Band 3, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 3 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 3 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 815 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
815 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is determined pursuant to paragraph III 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 3" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 3 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 3 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is determined pursuant to paragraph III 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 3" above")] 
 
 
(if there are additional band rates occurring 
after the band rate in relation to band 3 but 
before the last occurring band rate which shall 
be as described below, repeat paragraph III 
above for all such additional band rates but with 
all the relevant band rate details) 
 
IV. [Band Rate in relation to 
Band []: 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for the last 
Band and whether the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies 
or (iii) CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band 
Rate One minus Band Rate Two, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin in relation to the last Band, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
the last Band and whether Band Rate One in 
relation to the last Band is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies

--- Page 816 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
816 
 
or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is determined pursuant to 
paragraph IV of "Band Rate in relation to Band 
[]" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
the last Band and whether Band Rate Two in 
relation to the last Band is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies 
or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is determined pursuant to 
paragraph IV of "Band Rate in relation to Band 
[]" above")] 
 
 
(If there are additional bands repeat as 
necessary and modify as above for all additional 
bands) 
 
(F) Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Band Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(G) Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Band Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) [Interest Period End Date(s):] 
(insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(I) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 817 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
817 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(v) 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inverse Floating Rate 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
(B) Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[] (If there is more than one Inverse Fixed Rate 
for different Interest Periods, this information 
may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(C) Inverse Reference Rate: 
[] (If there is more than one Inverse Reference 
Rate for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
 
(Include details of whether the Inverse 
Reference Rate is (A) one Reference Rate (a 
"Specified Rate") or (B) one Reference Rate (a 
"Specified Rate 1") minus another Reference 
Rate (a "Specified Rate 2", and together with 
Specified Rate 1, each a "Specified Rate"). Also 
include details in relation to the Inverse 
Reference Rate and each Specified Rate whether 
it is (a) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen

--- Page 818 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
818 
 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
e.g. Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate: in all cases this would include being 
determined by reference to the Spread Note 
Provisions as appropriate. If any Reference 
Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required.) 
 
 
(D) Margin(s) 
(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Inverse Floating Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
 
(E) Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Inverse Floating Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 
(Inverse Floating Interest Rate) if more than one 
by inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(F) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
 
(G) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 819 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
819 
 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
 
(H) Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] (If there is more than one 
Minimum Interest Rate for different Interest 
Periods, this information may be set out in a 
"Rate Table") 
 
 
(I) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] (If there is more than one 
Maximum Interest Rate for different Interest 
Periods, this information may be set out in a 
"Rate Table") 
 
(vi) 
Spread Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) to which the 
Spread Note Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED 
THAT 
the 
Spread 
Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
 
(C) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(D) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 820 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
820 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(E) Margin(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(F) Interest Participation Rate(s) 
(Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(G) Option One or No Option 
One: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) Spread Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
V%: 
[] 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[] 
 
 
Spread Cap Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(I) 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
1 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable]  
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for

--- Page 821 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
821 
 
each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(J) Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
3 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by

--- Page 822 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
822 
 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Spread Rate 3 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(L) Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(M) Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N) [Spread Reference Rate in 
respect of Spread Rate [1/2/3]: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) 
one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)] (Include if not 
specified above and repeat as necessary) 
 
(vii) 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) to which the 
Volatility 
Bond 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]

--- Page 823 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
823 
 
 
(C) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(D) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(E) Margin(s) (Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(F) Interest Participation Rate(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(G) Shout Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Relevant 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
Shout Option Cut-off 
Time: 
[9:00 a.m. (London time)] [specify time]

--- Page 824 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
824 
 
 
 
Details for giving notice 
to the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent: 
[Specify 
address 
/ 
e-mail 
address 
and 
department / desk to whom the relevant notice 
should be addressed] 
[Specify any additional notice details required]  
 
(H) Volatility Bond Rate 1: 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate [plus/minus] 
[Volatility 
Bond Rate 1 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 1 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, or (d) a 
Forward Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
(Expected to be determined on or about the end 
of the relevant Interest Period – the Shout Option, 
if exercised, would operate to change this rate) 
 
 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Volatility Bond Rate 2: 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate [plus/minus] 
[Volatility 
Bond Rate 2 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 2 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two and, in each 
case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, or (d) a Forward Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference

--- Page 825 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
825 
 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required) 
(Expected to be determined on or about the 
beginning of the relevant Interest Period) 
 
 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(J) Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
"Synthetic Forward Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiii)] 
[and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) to which 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Note 
provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Synthetic Forward 
Rate Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the [Initial 
Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including) the 
Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately succeeding 
Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]  
 
(C) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required)

--- Page 826 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
826 
 
 
(D) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(E) 
Margin(s) 
(SF 
Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (SF Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (SF Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(G) 
Synthetic Forward Option 
One, Synthetic Forward 
Option Two or Synthetic 
Forward Option Three: 
[Synthetic Forward Option One] [Synthetic 
Forward Option Two] [Synthetic Forward 
Option Three] applicable 
 
(H) 
Rate 1:  
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the SF 
Reference Rate for Rate 1 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate and, in all cases, specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 827 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
827 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
x: 
[] 
 
(I) 
Rate 2: 
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the SF 
Reference Rate for Rate 2 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
y: 
[] 
 
(J) 
Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Synthetic Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) 
Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Synthetic Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(L) 
[SF Reference Rate [in 
respect of [Rate 1] [Rate 
2]]: 
(Unless set out above, specify whether SF 
Reference Rate is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) 
a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies, or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g.

--- Page 828 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
828 
 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required) (Repeat as 
required)]". 
 
(M) 
Lev: 
[]% / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Previous Coupon Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)]]]/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Previous Coupon 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
 
(B) Previous Coupon Reference 
Rate: 
Previous Coupon[, [plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 1][, 
multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] 
(If Previous Coupon Reference Rate is different 
for each Interest Period, insert the Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
Rate 
1 
(for 
determination 
of 
a 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify 
other Reference Rate)] [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting (if such Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate), the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required). If Rate 1 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert also a Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
Rate 
1 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
 
 
Rate 
2 
(for 
determination 
of 
a 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify

--- Page 829 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
829 
 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
other Reference Rate)] [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting (if such Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate), the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required. If Rate 2 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert also a Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
Rate 
2 
Participation 
Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
 
 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate (for the Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate (for the Previous 
Coupon 
Reference 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(C) Margin 
(Previous 
Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify each Margin (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(D) Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
(Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(E) Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 830 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
830 
 
 
(F) Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(G) [Interest Period End Date(s):] 
(insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(H) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(x) 
FX Performance Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes, 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes and Reserve Coupon 
Notes). If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
FX 
Performance 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[Each of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General

--- Page 831 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
831 
 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]] 
[] 
[PROVIDED THAT the FX Performance Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) FX Performance 1: 
[[] / FX Performance 1 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 
13(ii) above / The rate determined as set out 
below / See the FX Performance Table] (specify 
each FX Performance 1 if more than one by 
inserting an FX Performance Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 1 is not an Underlying: 
 
 
FX Perf A Currency/FX 
Perf B Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] 
(FX Perf B Currency) currency exchange 
rate[(expressed as the number of units of [] for 
which one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[]] 
 
(C) FX Performance 2: 
[[] / FX Performance 2 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 
13(ii) above / The rate determined as set out 
below / See the FX Performance Table] (specify 
each FX Performance 2 if more than one by 
inserting an FX Performance Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and 
FX Performance 2 is not an Underlying: 
 
 
 
FX Perf A Currency/FX 
Perf B Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] 
(FX Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate 
[(expressed as the number of units of [] for 
which one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[]] 
 
(D) FX Performance Participation 
Rate: 
[[] / [Not Applicable] / [See the FX 
Performance Table] 
 
(E) Specified FX Performance 
Valuation Date(s): 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest

--- Page 832 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
832 
 
[Period/Payment 
Date]] 
/ 
See 
the 
FX 
Performance Table] 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment 
Date]] 
/ 
See 
the 
FX 
Performance Table] 
(specify each FX Performance Valuation Date if 
different by inserting an FX Performance Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(F) [Application 
of 
FX 
Performance Note Provisions: 
The FX Performance Note Provisions shall 
apply [[prior to/after] the application of the 
[Reserve Coupon Note Provisions] [Global 
Interest Floor Note Provisions] [and the] 
[Global Interest Cap Note Provisions]] (Insert 
where the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions or 
the Global Interest Floor Note provisions 
and/or the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions 
also apply) 
 
(xi) 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes, 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
and 
FX 
Performance Notes). If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[Each of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention))]] 
[] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Reserve Coupon Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Reserve Coupon Rate: 
[[] per cent. [per annum]/ []] (specify each 
Reserve Coupon Rate if more than one by 
inserting a Reserve Coupon Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(xii) 
Global 
Interest 
Floor 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Floor Rate: [] per cent.]

--- Page 833 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
833 
 
 
(xiii) 
Global 
Interest 
Cap 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Cap Rate: [] per cent.] 
 
(xiv) 
Restructure Interest Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable:  
Restructure Rate Request Start Date: [] 
Maximum 
Number 
of 
Restructure 
Rate 
Acceptances: []/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed 
Restructure 
Fee: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Fixed Fee Amount: []]  
Basis Points Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]   
[If applicable: 
Number of Basis Points: [] basis points] 
(NB: Elect one of Fixed Restructure Fee or 
Basis Points Restructure Fee above (and 
complete as applicable) for the purposes of 
calculating the Restructure Fee) 
Issuer Notice Details: [Insert notice details for 
delivery of notices to the Issuer]] 
 
(xv) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SWITCHER OPTION 
15. 
Switcher Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Switcher Interest Commencement 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(B) 
New Interest Basis: 
[include details of the New Interest Basis or the 
or each Switcher Interest Commencement Date 
including 
cross 
referring 
to 
relevant 
paragraphs herein and including any relevant 
Interest Determination Date and/or Margin 
and/or Interest Participation Rate] 
 
(C) 
Conversion 
Amount 
per 
Calculation Amount payable by the 
Issuer: 
[include details of any conversion amount 
payable by the Issuer and the relevant Switcher 
Interest Commencement Date in respect of

--- Page 834 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
834 
 
which it is payable if more than one][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Switcher Payment Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 19 (Switcher Option)] [Not less than 
[(specify)] Business Days] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOCK-IN CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
16. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[include details of the Initial Interest Basis 
including 
cross 
referring 
to 
relevant 
paragraphs herein] 
 
(B) 
Changed Interest Basis: 
[Following the occurrence of [the] Lock-in 
Event [1]: [include details of the Changed 
Interest Basis including cross referring to 
relevant paragraphs herein]] 
[Following the occurrence of Lock-in Event 1 
and Lock-in Event [2][n]: [include details of the 
Changed 
Interest 
Basis 
including 
cross 
referring to relevant paragraphs herein]] 
(Repeat as necessary for Lock-in Events 
n=1…k) 
 
(C) 
Lock-in Date: 
[] [The Interest Period End Date immediately 
succeeding the Lock-in Determination Date on 
which the Lock-in Condition was satisfied in 
respect of all the relevant Lock-in Events] [The 
Interest Payment Date immediately succeeding 
the Lock-in Determination Date on which the 
Lock-in Condition was satisfied in respect of all 
the relevant Lock-in Events] 
 
(D) 
Lock-in Condition [1]: 
 
 
 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [1]: 
[specify 
what 
the 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(c) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)] 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would

--- Page 835 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
835 
 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier [1]: 
[specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(c) (Determination of Lock-in 
Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required)] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX 
Rate] 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier Reference 
[1]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less 
than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less than or equal 
to the Lock-in Barrier [1]] 
 
(E) 
[Lock-in Condition [n]: 
(Include for each Lock-in Condition n = 2 … k) 
 
 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]: 
[specify 
what 
the 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(c) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination

--- Page 836 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
836 
 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier [n]: 
[specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(c) (Determination of Lock-in 
Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required)] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX 
Rate] 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier Reference 
[n]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less 
than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less than or equal 
to the Lock-in Barrier [n]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ZERO COUPON NOTES 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] [per cent. per annum]] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [] in each year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
18. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes]/[Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Tranched Credit 
Linked 
Notes]/[Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit

--- Page 837 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
837 
 
Linked Notes]/[Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes] 
 
[– Type of credit linkage: 
[Credit 
Linked 
Principal]/[Credit 
Linked 
Interest]] (Only include if 'Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(ii) 
[Credit Event Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption]/[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
 
[– Fallback Redemption Method: [Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Not Applicable]]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable. Only include for Credit 
Linked Principal Notes) 
 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption]/[LA 
Physical 
Redemption]/[LA 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.]/[[] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row 
if not applicable. This will not be applicable for 
Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row 
if not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[– Funding Interest Rate: 
[] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable)]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable. This will not be applicable for 
Credit Linked Interest Notes)  
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[] as specified in paragraph[s] [] 
(cross refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xi) 
Non-Contingent Interest: 
[Applicable: An amount equal to [the Interest 
Amount]/[] as specified in paragraph[s] [] 
(cross refer to relevant interest provision above) 
above]/[Not Applicable] (Only include if 'Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes' is applicable) 
 
(xii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify]

--- Page 838 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
838 
 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a sovereign, 
include the following additional information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity or, 
if different from the registered office, its main 
administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, and 
legal form which it has adopted under such 
legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; 
and 
name of the stock exchange or of another 
regulated market which is regularly operating, 
recognised and open to the public where the 
shares and other securities of the Reference 
Entity are admitted) 
 
 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior 
Non-Preferred Level] 
 
 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation below if the fallback to a Non-
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
under 
paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply.) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a 
short description thereof if the Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, where applicable] 
 
 
Auction Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback

--- Page 839 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
839 
 
Redemption Method and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
 
Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable and for Credit Linked 
Principal Notes) 
 
(xiii) 
Nth-to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction 
Type 
and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto. 
 
 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback 
to 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition 
of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable. 
 
 
Auction Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if

--- Page 840 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
840 
 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xiv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto. 
 
 
Standard Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback 
to 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition 
of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable. 
 
 
Auction Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable)

--- Page 841 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
841 
 
 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series 
[] Version] 
 
 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[] 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
 
 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto. 
 
 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback 
to 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition 
of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable. 
 
 
Auction Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable)

--- Page 842 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
842 
 
 
 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series 
[] Version] 
 
 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[] 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
 
 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto. 
 
 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback 
to 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition 
of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity)

--- Page 843 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
843 
 
 
 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable. 
 
 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
 
Recovery Threshold Amount: [] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the 
Exhaustion Point) 
 
 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as published, 
in Appendix 1 hereto]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
 
Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
 
 
Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xvii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto] (Insert if 
'Index' is applicable) 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
 
 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Weightin
g: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level:

--- Page 844 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
844 
 
Transacti
on Type: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordin
ated 
Level]/[Se
nior Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordin
ated 
Level]/[Se
nior Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
 
 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback 
to 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition 
of "Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
 
 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable. 
 
 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
 
Recovery Threshold Amount: [] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the 
Exhaustion Point) 
 
 
Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable)

--- Page 845 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
845 
 
 
 
Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xviii) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Asset(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Maturity date of Reference 
Asset(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Custodian: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, in each case, 
subject as provided in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility 
Event]/[Ownership 
Restriction 
Event]/[Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest:   
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 846 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
846 
 
 
 
LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Risk Event' is applicable) 
 
 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'LA Physical Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
 
Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
 
Underlying RMB Currency 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[– 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency: 
[] 
 
- 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
- 
RMB 
Relevant 
Spot Rate Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
- 
RMB Settlement 
Centre: 
[](Specify)/[Hong Kong]] (Only include if 
Underlying RMB Currency Event is Applicable) 
 
(xix) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xx) 
Obligations: 
 
 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligation 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond 
or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback 
in 
the 
definition 
of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law]

--- Page 847 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
847 
 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligations 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond 
or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback 
in 
the 
definition 
of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Domestic 
Currency" in the Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity [of [] years (Specify if 
default is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation 
applicable for each Reference Entity other than 
those determined by reference to Obligation 
Category and Obligation Characteristics]]

--- Page 848 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
848 
 
 
 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Additional Provisions for Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If "Applicable", 
specify for each Reference Entity) 
 
(xxx) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[]] 
 
(xxxi) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [[] or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant failure to pay]/ [As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 849 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
849 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
 
Default Requirement: 
[[] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]\[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(xxxiii) Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable Obligation Applicable]/[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]]/[Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days: 
[Specify]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[] Business Days and each [] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: []]] 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Market]/[Average 
Highest]/[Average Market]/[Lowest] 
 
 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Offer]/[Mid-market] 
 
 
Quotation Dealers: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]

--- Page 850 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
850 
 
 
 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued 
Interest]/[As per Credit Linked Condition 
16(a)(ii)(III)] 
 
(xxxvi) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (This will not be 
applicable to Credit Linked Interest Notes) 
 
 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[] Business Days]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
(Delete this row for Credit Linked Interest 
Notes) 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xxxviii) Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions], being as of the 
[Trade Date]/[Effective Date (Include for Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes)]/[Specify date] 
Transaction Type: []] 
 
(xxxix) [Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(xl) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Each Note's pro 
rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any] 
 
(xli) 
Settlement Currency: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
19. 
Index Skew Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction; 
(b) Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(iv) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.

--- Page 851 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
851 
 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, 
where relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited]/[●] 
 
(vi) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
 
Eligible Index: 
[[●] (Specify Index name)] Series [●] Version 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Annex: 
[●] 
 
 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Documentation Form: 
[[●] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date 
of 
publication)] 
[incorporating 
the 
[●](Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Original Notional 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
Other details:  
With 
respect to 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
referenced in the Eligible Index, as set out in 
Appendix 2 hereto.  
 
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [●] – [[●] 
(Specify date of publication)] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[●] (Specify name 
of 
supplement, 
publisher 
and 
date 
of 
publication, if applicable)]] 
 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●] 
 
 
Other details:  
With 
respect to 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
referenced in the Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
as set out in Appendix 2 hereto.  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 852 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
852 
 
20. 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Optional Redemption Date(s): [] 
 
(B) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(C) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(1) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(2) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)] [Not 
less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Optional Redemption Date(s): [] 
 
(B) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(C) Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes)] 
[Not less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent)

--- Page 853 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
853 
 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] 
(specify) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Maturity 
Redemption 
Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes) [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
3 (Dual Currency Notes)] 
 
 
[If DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is 
applicable, include the following: 
DIR Index: [] 
Base Index Figure: [] 
Index Month X: [] 
 
 
Index Month Y: [] (NB. This should be equal 
to Index Month X minus one) 
Margin: [[+/-][] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
Redemption Participation Rate: [[] per 
cent.]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Maximum Redemption Amount: []/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Condition: 
[Rollerball MER Condition] 
[TARN MER Condition] 
[specify other] 
 
(B) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date[s] [other than 
[[]/the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
about the [Scheduled] Maturity Date]]/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [] to 
and including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
 
(C) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[] 
(specify 
each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount if more than one by 
inserting a Mandatory Early Redemption Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(D) Rollerball MER Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 854 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
854 
 
 
 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation: 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 22(b) (Rollerball MER 
Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant MER Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate (by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required), 
in all cases this would include being determined 
by reference to the Spread Note Provisions as 
appropriate) and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Rollerball Barrier 
is different for each Reference Rate for each 
relevant interest period] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Rollerball 
Reference Observation is different for each 
MER Determination Date, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Rollerball Reference 
Determination Table) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
 
Rollerball Barrier: 
[specify what the Rollerball Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 22(b) (Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant MER Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate (by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Rollerball Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX 
Rate] 
 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Rollerball 
Barrier is different for each MER Determination 
Date, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Rollerball Reference Determination Table) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination]

--- Page 855 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
855 
 
 
 
Rollerball 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Rollerball Barrier/Greater than 
or equal to the Rollerball Barrier/Less than the 
Rollerball Barrier/Less than or equal to the 
Rollerball Barrier] 
 
 
 
 
(E) TARN MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
TARN Rate: 
[] (If TARN Rate is different for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, insert the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(A) For the purpose of General 
Condition 
5(b)(i) 
(Redemption 
for 
Taxation 
Reasons) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]  
[Best of Amount] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs 
and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)]

--- Page 856 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
856 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(B) For the purpose of General 
Condition 
5(b)(ii) 
(Redemption for Illegality) 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]  
[Best of Amount] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
(specify Early Redemption Amount here only if 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" is "Not 
Applicable"; 
otherwise 
specify 
"See 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" above and 
specify the Early Redemption Amount under " 
Continuance of Notes Provision" below) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs 
and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Continuance 
of 
Notes 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality 
Event 
(Impossible 
Performance)

--- Page 857 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
857 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Fair 
Market Value 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not 
Applicable 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: Not Applicable 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
Not Applicable 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable 
Illegality 
Event 
(Possible 
Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity] 
[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option 
for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]  
[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs 
and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable] 
 
(D) For the purpose of General 
Condition 
9 
(Events 
of 
Default): 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]

--- Page 858 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
858 
 
[Principal Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs on 
account of 
Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Adjustment Event 
 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Material 
Increased 
Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs 
and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs:

--- Page 859 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
859 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option

--- Page 860 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
860 
 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Events 
relating to Inflation Indices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 4 
(Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not  
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 861 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
861 
 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Events 
relating to FX Rates where EMTA 
Provisions are Not Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 862 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
862 
 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Events 
relating to FX Rates where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 863 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
863 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
22. 
Additional Early Redemption Event 
 
 
(i) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only)]  
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Applicable:Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity

--- Page 864 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
864 
 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only)]  
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
under Inflation Index Condition 5 
(Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Events): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only)]  
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part

--- Page 865 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
865 
 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value  
is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
23. 
Realisation Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any)]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (specify an amount only)]  
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
24. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): 
Not Applicable] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable:

--- Page 866 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
866 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with option 
for Fair Market Value at early redemption][Best 
of Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] (specify 
for Zero Coupon Notes)/[] (specify an amount 
only) 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional 
Costs on 
account of 
Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2)  is 
applicable in respect of the Notes) 
25. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate(s): [As specified above]/[]]  
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not 
Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with option 
for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early

--- Page 867 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
867 
 
redemption]/[Best of Amount]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional 
Costs on 
account of 
Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]]]] 
 
 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 25) is 
applicable in respect of the Notes) 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Registered Notes 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate 
[(U.S.$[] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate [(U.S.$[] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Notes - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement which apply to the Notes)] 
 
 
[Finnish Notes – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent]] 
27. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] 
[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day in General Condition 21 
(Definitions)) 
29. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 868 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
868 
 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment for the purposes of the 
definition 
of 
Payment 
Day 
in 
General 
Condition 6(f) (Payment Days)) 
30. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable/[Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 16 (Redenomination) apply] 
31. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/[The provisions of General 
Condition 12 (Further Issues) apply]  
32. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor) apply] 
 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
33. 
[Other final terms:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
[The Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts 
from the register of creditors (Sw.skuldbok) 
from Euroclear Sweden - only applicable in case 
of Swedish Notes] 
 
 
The Issuer shall, subject to regulations of 
Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be 
entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list 
of the holders of Finnish Notes, PROVIDED 
THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear 
Finland to maintain such a list.] 
 
[- 
Schedule 
A 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase and Events of Default): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify Applicable only where the Notes are 
issued by Citigroup Inc. and the Notes are 
intended to be TLAC eligible. Delete this sub-
paragraph for Notes issued by CGMHI or 
CGMFL)  
34. 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A./Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its (specify) department/group (or any 
successor department/group))] at []] 
35. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][]] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation 
Agent where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal 
Agent. If no Determination Agent is specified, 
the Determination Agent will be the Calculation 
Agent) 
36. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC)" is applicable)

--- Page 869 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
869 
 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
37. 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
38. 
[Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Notes are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium)] 
39. 
Governing law: 
[English Law/State of New York] 
 
[PURPOSE OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the Pricing Supplement required for the issue of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the Citi U.S.$80,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme of Citigroup Inc., Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. and Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited.]  
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the]14/[The]15 Issuer [and 
the CGMHI Guarantor]16 [and the CGMFL Guarantor]17 confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ......................................................  
 
Duly authorised] 
                                                     
14  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. 
15  
Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL or CGMHI. 
16  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
17  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 870 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
870 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the [Tranche 
[]] Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant non-EEA/United Kingdom regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin) and, if relevant, 
listing on an official list (for example, the 
official list of Euronext Dublin)] with effect 
from on or around [][of the Tranche [] 
Notes]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Tranche [] of the Notes has been admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant non-EEA/United 
Kingdom regulated market (for example, the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Euronext Dublin)] 
with effect from [] [of the Tranche [] 
Notes]] (Where documenting a fungible issue, 
need to indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
Estimated expenses relating to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Notes is: 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[]] 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: []] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
 
[PERFORMANCE OF THE [UNDERLYING/RATE] 
[Details of the performance of [[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ CIBOR/ ROBOR/ 
TIBOR/ HIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM] [CMS] rates] [SONIA Floating Rate] [SONIA Index 
Floating Rate] [SOFR Floating Rate] [SOFR Index Floating Rate] can be obtained [but not] 
free of charge from [[]/Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance]] 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where you copy, publish, distribute and transmit information relating to SONIA; (ii) 
adapt information relating to SONIA; or (iii) exploit information commercially and non-

--- Page 871 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
871 
 
commercially in relation to SONIA: Contains public sector information licensed under the 
Open Government Licence v3.0.] 
[Performance of Inflation Index of effect on value of investment and associated risks 
and other information concerning the Inflation Index: (Inflation Rate Notes and DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performances and volatility of [the/each] 
index can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge] [Need to include the name of [the/each] index need to include details of where the 
information about [the/each] index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor(s)] 
[Effect of performance of FX [Performance] Rate on value of investment and associated 
risks and other information concerning the FX [Performance] Rate: (FX Performance 
Notes, Notes for which a Lock-in Change of Interest Basis applies or Notes for which 
Mandatory Early Redemption applies (in each case, where a relevant reference/barrier is an 
FX Rate) and Dual Currency Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident, where 
not already included in Base Prospectus] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the currency 
exchange rate can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge] [Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the FX 
[Performance] Rate is electronically available [but not] free of charge from the applicable 
[Electronic Page/FX Perf Designated Page] specified for such FX [Performance] Rate in Part 
A above]] 
[Post Issuance Information 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information]]] 
(Include the above as required for Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin) 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
CUSIP: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
WKN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Valoren: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]*, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
                                                     
*  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 872 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
872 
 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]*, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and DTC and the relevant 
identification number(s) and details relating 
to the relevant depositary, if applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
[and references to the [Relevant Clearing 
System/(specify)] shall be deemed to be 
references to such clearing system] 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") 
via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") 
mechanism] 
 
[Euroclear Sweden AB]/[Euroclear Finland 
Oy] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden Branch), 
Stockholm, Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
Names and address of the Finnish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met]  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem

--- Page 873 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
873 
 
at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Reasons for the Issue 
[] [The Notes are [Green Bonds][Social 
Bonds]. [insert further particulars  if different 
from “Investment Considerations” section]] 
(Where the Notes are Green Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of 
any Eligible Green Assets) 
(Where the Notes are Social Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of 
the affordable housing assets. Notes may only 
be Social Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is 
the Issuer) 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager and 
the 
other 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments and statement of 
portion not covered]  
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis 
if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers) 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][specify]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None/[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount/No commissions and concessions are 
payable by the Issuer to the Dealer. The 
[(specify type of fee or commission)] payable 
by the Dealer to any distributor is (specify) of 
the Aggregate Principal Amount. Investors can 
obtain more information about the fee by 
contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein] 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes during [the period[s] []-[] (repeat 
as necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the 
applicable transition period under FinSA and 
its implementing ordinance]]] 
(Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland)

--- Page 874 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
874 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is 
being prepared] [during the period[s] []-[] 
(repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" 
should be specified and details provided 
accordingly) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
[during 
the 
period[s] []-[] (repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" 
should be specified and details provided 
accordingly) 
 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as debt]. [The Notes are 
Non-U.S. Notes]. 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the 
"substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the amounts 
of dividend equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs 
because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Notes have a "delta" of one.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or 
Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 
2023 and (ii) the Notes are not "delta-one" within the meaning of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Underlying(s) for the Notes consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. 
equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the 
Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the Notes consist 
solely of (i) one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) 
that are neither U.S. equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, that the Notes are 
not Specified ELIs.] [Additional 871(m) information]. 
[Include table below if (i) the Notes are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Notes are not Specified ELIs based 
on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test:

--- Page 875 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
875 
 
Underly
ing(s) 
Underly
ing 
Securiti
es (Y/N) 
Qualifie
d 
Index/Q
ualified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contrac
t (Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simpl
e 
Contr
act) 
Substantia
l 
Equivalen
ce Test (if 
not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number 
of 
Shares 
Multipli
ed by 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contrac
t) 
Initial 
Hedge 
(if 
applica
ble) 
Additio
nal 
Section 
871(m) 
Informa
tion 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
] 
 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS  
AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH NOTE 
WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS 
OF THE NOTES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, 
GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE 
SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR.  
[Include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help 
investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s)]] 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin on) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [but not] free of charge from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-
site of such Reference Entity].] 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 876 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
876 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 1 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 10 (Automatic Change of Interest Basis) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencemen
t Date 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
Type of Notes 
[specify date] 
[specify date] 
[Fixed Rate Notes / [and] Floating Rate Notes / [and] Inflation 
Rate Notes / [and] DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes / [and] 
CMS Interest Linked Notes / [and] Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
/ [and] Range Accrual Notes / [and] Digital [Band] Notes / [and] 
Spread Notes / [and] Volatility Bond Notes / [and] Synthetic 
Forward Rate Notes / [and] Previous Coupon Linked 
Notes/[and] FX Performance Notes/[and] Reserve Coupon 
Notes/[and] Global Interest Floor Notes/[and] Global Interest 
Cap Notes/[and] Restructure Interest Rate Notes/[and] Dual 
Currency Notes] 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(I) (Provisions Relating To Underlying Linked Notes – 
Particulars in respect of each Underlying – Mandatory Early Redemption) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
Dual Currency Note Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) 
[specify date] (repeat as required)]

--- Page 877 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
877 
 
(Business Day Convention))] (repeat as 
required) 
 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(g) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[specify date] 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(K) (Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked Notes – 
Particulars in respect of each Underlying – FX Performance Notes) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as 
required) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(L) (Provisions applicable to Underlying Linked Notes– 
Particulars in respect of each Underlying – Lock-in Change of Interest Basis determined by reference to 
an FX Rate) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required) 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
[Interest Table] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Interest Amount/Broken Amount] 
[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
(See General Condition 6(g) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[[] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 878 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
878 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate(s)] 
[Margin]107 
[Interest 
Participation Rate]108 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]109 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] [in 
each year] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] (repeat 
as required) 
[] per cent. 
per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][] per cent. 
per annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions) or paragraph 14(vii) 
(Volatility Bond Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement if more than one Floating 
Interest Rate is applicable and Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is applicable or, if more than one forward 
rate is applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]110 
[Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s)]111 
[Forward 
Rate][Ref
erence 
Banks]112 
[Specified 
Time]113 
[Interest Payment Date(s) 
/ [] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 6(g) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
[[] month [(the "Designated 
Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [insert currency] 
[EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid 
rate for AUD bills of exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]] [SONIA 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[SONIA Index Floating Rate 
(specify 
details)] 
[SOFR 
[]] 
[] 
[] 
                                                     
107  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
108  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
109  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes where Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount is specified for any Interest Period/Interest Payment Date. 
110  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
111  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
112 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
113  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 879 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
879 
 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[SOFR Index Floating Rate 
(specify details)] [insert details 
of implied forward rate] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if more than one Floating Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable, as required) 
[Floating Rate Table] 
Interest Period End Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Designated 
Maturity 
Reset Date 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Business Day Convention)) 
[] 
[] 
[] [First day 
of the relevant 
Interest Period] 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions), 14(i)(C) (Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions), 14(i)(D) (DIR Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions:), 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest 
Linked Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest 
Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[Inverse Fixed 
Rate / Inverse 
Reference 
Rate/ 
Specified Rate 
1 / Specified 
Rate 2]114 
[Margin 
[(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate)]]115 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate [(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate)]]116 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate]117 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference 
Rate]118 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest 
Amount]119 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
                                                     
114  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if different for each Interest Period/Interest Payment Date. 
115  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
116  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
117  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
118  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
119  
Insert for Inflation Rate Notes or Range Accrual Notes if the Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount specified is different for each 
Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 880 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
880 
 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1]120 
[Interest 
Participati
on Rate 
1]121 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]122 
[Margin 
2]123 
[Interest 
Participati
on Rate 
2]124 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]125 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/
not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
] 
per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] (repeat as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
] 
per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] (repeat as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement if there is more than one 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest Periods, as required) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference 
rate][one[s]]126 
[Inverse Reference 
Rate]127 
[reference 
rate][two[s]]128 
[Specified Rate 1]129 
[Specified Rate 2]130 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]131 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]132 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]133 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
                                                     
120  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
121  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
122  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
123  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
124  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
125  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
126  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
127  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
128  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
129  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
130  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
131  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
132  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
133  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 881 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
881 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different for each 
Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Reference 
Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper 
Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period 
if different 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, and if the 
Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 2 and 
Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interes
t Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Interes
t Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 1]* 
[Upper 
Range 
1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 2]* 
[Upper 
Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 3]* 
[Upper 
Range 
3] 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
)] 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", 
"Reference Observation 2" under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each Interest Period if different. 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(E)IV (Range Accrual Note Provisions:) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection 
Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread

--- Page 882 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
882 
 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Note Provisions] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Relevant 
Spread 
Rate]134 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)]135 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)]136 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]137 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option 
One] / [Spread 
Cap] 
applicable 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread 
Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate]138 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[Spread 
Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread 
Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate]139 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread 
Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if Relevant SF Rate, or the Margin (SF Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant SF 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions] 
                                                     
134  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
135  
Insert if Margin (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
136  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
137  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable or is the same for all Interest Periods. 
138  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period. 
139  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period.

--- Page 883 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
883 
 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant SF Rate]140 
[Margin (SF Interest 
Rate)]141 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate)]142 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]143 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option One] / 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if Rate 1 Margin, Rate 2 Margin, Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate, SF Rate 1 Margin, SF Rate 2 Margin, SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, SF Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[SF] [Rate 1]* 
[SF] [Rate 2]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[SF] 
[Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, additional columns if different for each Interest Period. 
 
                                                     
140  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
141  
Insert if Margin (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
142  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
143  
Insert if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is different for each Interest Period.

--- Page 884 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
884 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if the Previous Coupon Reference Rate, Rate 1 and Rate 2 for each Interest Period 
or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
[Margin 
(Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest 
Rate)]144 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest 
Rate)]145 
[Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate] 
[Rate 1]146 [Rate 2]147 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate]148 
[Interest 
Payment Date(s) 
/ [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-] [] per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
Previous Coupon[, 
[plus/minus] 
[(i)] 
Rate 1][, multiplied 
by 
Rate 
1 
Participation Rate] 
[, [plus/minus] (ii) 
Rate 2][, multiplied 
by 
Rate 
2 
Participation Rate] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
Designated Maturity: [
] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: []] 
Relevant Time: [] 
Reference Currency: [
] 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): [] 
Page: [] 
Reference Banks: []] 
(insert if required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required)  
 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if the Rate 1 Participation Rate, Rate 2 Participation Rate, Minimum / Maximum 
Reference Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate 
Rate 1 
Rate 2 
                                                     
144  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
145  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
146  
Delete if Rate 1 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
147  
Delete if Rate 2 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
148  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 885 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
885 
 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
[Rate 1 
Participation 
Rate]149 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]150 
[Rate 2 
Participation 
Rate]151 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]152 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(x) (FX Performance Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if the Reserve Coupon Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[FX Performance Table for FX Performance Notes] 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[FX Performance 
1] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 1] 
[FX Performance 
2] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 2] 
FX 
Performanc
e 
Participatio
n rate 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 1 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in 
paragraph 13(ii) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
14(xi)II above] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 2 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
designated as such 
in paragraph 13(ii) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
14(xi)III above] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(xi) (Reserve Coupon Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if the Reserve Coupon Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[Reserve Coupon Table for Reserve Coupon Notes] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Reserve Coupon 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as required) 
[] per cent. per annum (repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 20(iv) (Mandatory Early Redemption:) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date is different) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
 
                                                     
149  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
150  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
151  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
152  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 886 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 1 
 
886 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Determination 
Date(s) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount 
[TARN Rate] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 887 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
887 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 2 
(Details of Reference Rate(s) (or Specified Rate(s) in the case of Inverse Floating Rate Notes) to be 
inserted into the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement, as required) 
[Reference Rate [One(s)]/Specified Rate [One] 
(insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Forward Rate] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate) [Manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / USD LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination (Non-Index Determination) / 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination) 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] applies] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate and Screen Rate Determination is applicable) 
[Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW (being the Sydney 
average mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington rate for New 
Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] [As set out 
in the Reference Rate Table] (if more than one 
interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates 
to which each interest rate applies by inserting 
a Reference Rate Table, the form of which is set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Specified Time: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial

--- Page 888 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
888 
 
banks are open for business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [(specify)] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period/First day of each Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate and USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[USD 
LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[USD LIBOR] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (If 
more than one specify Interest Period End 
Dates to which each interest rate applies by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[Second day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set 
out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table]] 
 
Specified Time: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)]

--- Page 889 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
889 
 
 
[Margin (for the USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Floating Rate) 
[SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period]/[]] 
 
[Margin (for the SONIA Floating Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SONIA Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable)  
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Index Floating 
Rate) [SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Final Interest Period End Date] [] 
 
Relevant Number: 
[] 
 
[Margin (for the SONIA Index Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SOFR Floating Rate 
or SOFR Index Floating Rate) [SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR]  
 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily 
SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable) 
 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]  
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, except 
where Index Determination is applicable. N.B.

--- Page 890 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
890 
 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date] []  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Final 
Interest Period End Date and "Relevant 
Number" means [insert number being two or 
greater]] [] 
 
[Margin (for the SOFR Floating Rate or 
SOFR Index Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Floating Rate) 
[SONIA Floating Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period]/[]] 
 
[Margin (for the SONIA Floating Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest Rate) 
[CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest 
Rates" 
or 
"CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", insert heading 
"CMS Reference Rate 
1") 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate 2"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest 
Rates" 
or 
"CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
this 
column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]]

--- Page 891 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
891 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap 
Rate 
[] 
[] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[]  
[]  
 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[]  
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination is 
applicable: []] [] 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
[][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
5(b)(ii)(D) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", 
insert the following sub-paragraph) 
 
Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", 
insert the following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Forward Rate) 
 
 
[Reference Rate: 
Implied Forward Rate: [specify] forward rate 
(if more than one forward rate, specify Interest 
Period End Dates to which each forward rate 
applies by inserting a Reference Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[]

--- Page 892 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
892 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
Periodic Rate Determination is applicable: 
[Specify] 
 
Forward Rate Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(iii) (Forward Rate Notes)]] 
[Reference Rate [One(s)/Two(s)] /Specified Rate 
Two (insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes):] 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/ 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate] (repeat above details 
as required for Reference Rate Two or if there 
is more than one Reference Rate Ones, or 
Specified Rate Two for Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes) 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum Reference Rate) [Minimum Reference 
Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum Reference Rate) [Maximum Reference 
Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable]]]

--- Page 893 ---
Schedule to Pricing Supplement 
 
893 
 
[SCHEDULE TO PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
(Insert as a Schedule to the Pricing Supplement as required) 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation 
is applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest 
Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]153 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]154 
[Reference 
Banks]155 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]156 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [] month[s] 
[(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / 
LIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for 
New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[Floating 
Rate Option: []] 
month[s] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) []] [SONIA Floating 
Rate (specify details)] [SONIA 
Index Floating Rate (specify 
details)] [SOFR Floating Rate 
(specify details)] [SOFR Index 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: []] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
                                                     
153  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
154  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
155 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
156  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 894 ---
Schedule to Pricing Supplement 
 
894 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]157 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]158 
[Reference 
Banks]159 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]160 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]161 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]162 
[Reference 
Banks]163 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]164 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]165 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]166 
[Reference 
Banks]167 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]168 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for 
each Interest Period 
(Insert if Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is different for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date) 
[Rollerball Reference Determination Table] 
 
[Rollerball Reference Observation] [Rollerball Barrier]* 
                                                     
157  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
158  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
159 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
160  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
161  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
162  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
163 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
164  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
165  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
166  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
167 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
168  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 895 ---
Schedule to Pricing Supplement 
 
895 
 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate/]Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/Relevant Swap 
Rate 
[Page
] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]169 
[Reset Date] 
[MER 
Determinatio
n Date(s)]170 
[Reference 
Banks]171 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]172 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [] month[s] 
[(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / 
LIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar bills 
of exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate Option: []] 
month[s] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) []] [SONIA Floating 
Rate (specify details)] [SONIA 
Index Floating Rate (specify 
details)] [SOFR Floating Rate 
(specify details)] [SOFR Index 
Floating Rate (specify details)] 
[Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
(the 
Designated 
Maturity) 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: []] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
* Insert additional columns for Rollerball Barrier if different for each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date 
                                                     
169  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
170  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
171 
Insert if Reference Rate is other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM. 
172  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 896 ---
List of Reference Entities 
 
896 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1  
Reference 
Entity  
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 897 ---
List of Reference Entities 
 
897 
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at  Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity:  
Weighted Average Final Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 898 ---
List of Reference Entities 
 
898 
 
APPENDIX 2 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity:  
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable 
, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate 
Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable 
, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 899 ---
List of Reference Entities 
 
899 
 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 900 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
900 
 
 
SECTION H – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
"EU Prospectus Regulation .............................................. 220 
$........................................................................................... xx 
€........................................................................................... xx 
1/1 ..................................................................................... 581 
10 August 2015 Base Prospectus ............................. 105, 127 
10-year Limitation Date ................................................... 485 
2.5-year Limitation Date .................................................. 485 
2013 Base Prospectus ............................................... 105, 127 
2013 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 127 
2013 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 105 
2014 Base Prospectus ............................................... 105, 127 
2014 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 127 
2014 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ............. 105 
2014 ISDA Definitions..................................................... 532 
2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 127 
2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 127 
2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 127 
2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 115 
2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 115 
2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ..... 105, 106 
2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4 ............. 106 
2016 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 127 
2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 127 
2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 127 
2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 128 
2016 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 116 
2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 116 
2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 116 
2016 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 106 
2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1 ............. 106 
2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4 ............. 106 
2017 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 128 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.10 .................... 128 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 128 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 128 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9 ..................... 128 
2017 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 116 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10 .................... 116 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 116 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 116 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9 ...................... 116 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 106 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10 ........... 106 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 106 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5 ............. 106 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9 ............. 106 
2018 CGMFL Base Prospectus ....................................... 128 
2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ..................... 128 
2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ..................... 128 
2018 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 116 
2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 116 
2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 116 
2018 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 106 
2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ............. 107 
2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 107 
2019 CGMFL Base Prospectus ....................................... 128 
2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1 ..................... 128 
2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ..................... 128 
2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5 ..................... 129 
2019 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 116 
2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 117 
2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 117 
2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 117 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1 ............. 107 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 107 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5 ............. 107 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 459, 532 
2020 CGMFL Base Prospectus ....................................... 129 
2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5 ..................... 129

--- Page 901 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
901 
 
 
2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 129 
2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8 ...................... 129 
2020 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 117 
2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 117 
2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 117 
2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.8 ...................... 117 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4 ............. 107 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6 ............. 107 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7 ............. 107 
21 December 2015 Base Prospectus ................ 106, 115, 127 
30/360 ............................................................................... 579 
30E/360 ............................................................................. 580 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................................... 580 
360/360 ............................................................................. 579 
Abs .................................................................................... 601 
Accelerated or Matured .................................................... 472 
accredited investor ............................................................ 213 
Accrual Business Day ...................................................... 590 
Accrual Condition .................................................... 586, 588 
Accrual Condition 1 ......................................................... 586 
Accrual Condition 2 ......................................................... 586 
Accrual Condition 3 ......................................................... 586 
Accrual Cut-Off Date ....................................................... 590 
Accrual Day ...................................................................... 586 
Accrual Days .................................................................... 586 
Accrual Factor .................................................................. 586 
Accrual Rate ............................................................. 578, 585 
Accrued Interest................................................................ 250 
ACR .................................................................................. 609 
ACRn ........................................................................ 610, 611 
Actual Coupon Rate ................................................. 609, 610 
Actual Interest Amount ............................................ 611, 612 
Actual/360 ........................................................................ 579 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................................... 579 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ........................................................ 579 
Actual/Actual .................................................................... 579 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..................................................... 578 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ...................................................... 579 
Additional Adjustment Event .......................................... 552 
Additional Early Redemption Event ................................ 552 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................. 552 
Additional Requirements ................................................. 330 
Additional Risk Event ...................................................... 459 
Additional Risk Event Start Date..................................... 459 
Adj .................................................................................... 586 
Adjusted Interest Rate ...................................................... 610 
Adjustment Event ............................................................. 552 
Adjustment Spread ..................................................... 51, 625 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ..................................... 556 
AEOI................................................................................. 289 
AEOI Act .......................................................................... 289 
Affected Reference Entity ................................................ 459 
Affiliate............................................................................. 338 
Agencies ................................................................... 144, 146 
Agents ............................................................................... 295 
Aggregate Default Count ................................................. 459 
Aggregate Loss Amount .................................................. 459 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ...................................... 492 
Aggregate Recovery Amount .......................................... 460 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount ........................... 460 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount ................... 460 
AIA ........................................................................... 611, 612 
AIRn ................................................................................. 611 
All Monies Guarantee ...................................................... 163 
Amending Cooperation Directive .................................... 253 
AMF ................................................................................. 217 
Amortised Face Amount .................................................. 307 
an offer.............................................................................. 210 
Annuity Rate 1 ................................................................. 604 
Annuity Rate 2 ................................................................. 604 
APMs ................................................................................ 171 
Applicable Auction .......................................................... 460 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms ................................................................................ 460 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement .................. 461 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ... 461 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ............................ 461 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ........... 461

--- Page 902 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
902 
 
 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement ............ 461 
applicable Final Terms ........................................................ vi 
applicable laws ................................................................. 498 
applicable Pricing Supplement ............................................ vi 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount .......................... 462 
Applicable Proportion ...................................................... 462 
Applicable Resolution ...................................................... 462 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ........ 462 
ART .................................................................................. 256 
Articles .............................................................................. 158 
ASIC ................................................................................. 212 
Asset ................................................................................. 463 
Asset Market Value .......................................................... 463 
Asset Package ........................................................... 371, 463 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount ...................... 435 
Asset Package Credit Event ............................................. 463 
Asset Package Delivery .................................................... 184 
Assignable Loan ............................................................... 472 
ATAD ................................................................................. 36 
ATAD 2 .............................................................................. 36 
Attachment Point .............................................................. 463 
Auction ............................................................. 364, 463, 499 
Auction Cancellation Date ............................................... 463 
Auction Final Price ........................................................... 463 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ......................... 464 
Auction Redemption Amount .......................................... 464 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice .............................. 464 
Auction Redemption Date ................................................ 464 
Authorised Offeror(s) ....................................................... 745 
Authorities .......................................................................... 34 
Average Highest ............................................................... 527 
Average Market ................................................................ 527 
AY ..................................................................................... 307 
bail-in option....................................................................... 34 
bail-in power ..................................................................... 337 
Band .................................................................................. 594 
Band Rate ......................................................................... 594 
Bank Rate ............................................................. 57, 97, 570 
Banking Act ................................................................ 34, 220 
banking organisation ........................................................ 198 
Bankruptcy ....................................................................... 464 
Barrier ............................................................................... 586 
Barrier 1 ............................................................................ 586 
Barrier 2 ............................................................................ 587 
Barrier 3 ............................................................................ 587 
Base Currency .................................................................. 536 
Base Index Figure .................................................... 561, 634 
Base Level ........................................................................ 342 
Base Listing Particulars ............................................. vii, 776 
Base Prospectus .............................................. ii, vii, 639, 640 
Belgium ............................................................................ 240 
Benchmark ....................................................................... 556 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event ................. 557 
Benchmark Replacement ................................................. 628 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ............................. 629 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes ............. 629 
Benchmark Replacement Date ........................................ 629 
Benchmark Transition Event ........................................... 630 
Benchmarks Regulation ...................................................... ix 
Beneficial Owner ............................................................. 199 
Beneficiary ....................................................................... 166 
Best of Amount ................................................................ 308 
Bid .................................................................................... 506 
Board of Managers ........................................................... 159 
Bond ......................................................................... 493, 505 
Bond Basis ........................................................................ 579 
Bond or Loan .................................................................... 494 
Borrowed Money ..................................................... 494, 505 
bridge institution ................................................................ 35 
BRL .................................................................................. 542 
BRR Act 2015 .................................................................... 35 
BRRD ......................................................................... 35, 337 
Business Day .................................................................... 338 
Business Day Convention ................................................ 315 
Business Investors ............................................................ 252 
C(WUMP)O ..................................................................... 219 
C.F.R................................................................................. 338 
Calculation Agent............................................................. 295

--- Page 903 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
903 
 
 
Calculation Agent Determination .................................... 541 
Calculation Amount ......................................................... 339 
Calculation Period ............................................................ 578 
Cap .................................................................................... 612 
Cap Rate ........................................................................... 612 
Capital Ratio ..................................................................... 465 
Cash Redemption Amount ............................................... 465 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice ................................... 465 
Cash Redemption Date ..................................................... 465 
CBB .................................................................................. xxii 
CCO .................................................................................. 159 
CCP ................................................................................... 356 
CDI ................................................................... viii, 743, 872 
CDI Holders ...................................................................... 202 
CEA ............................................................................. ix, 207 
Central Bank ................................................................. v, 219 
Certificate Balance ........................................................... 465 
CFTC ........................................................................... ix, 553 
CGMFL ...................................................... iii, 158, 166, 295 
CGMFL 2019 Annual Report .......................................... 126 
CGMFL 2020 Annual Report .......................................... 126 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars ....................................... vii 
CGMFL Base Prospectus ......................................... vii, xviii 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant .............................................. 296 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ........................................ ix, 296 
CGMFL Guarantor ...................................................... iii, 295 
CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report ......................... 126 
CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Financial Report......... 126 
CGMFL Notes ................................................... ix, x, 35, 336 
CGMHI ................................................................iii, 152, 295 
CGMHI 2019 Annual Report ........................................... 115 
CGMHI 2020 Annual Report ........................................... 115 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars ....................................... vii 
CGMHI Base Prospectus ......................................... vii, xviii 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant .............................................. 296 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee ...................................... viii, 296 
CGMHI Guarantor ...................................................... iii, 295 
CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll .......................................... xxi 
CGML ......................................................... iii, 158, 164, 295 
Change in Law ................................................................. 552 
changed interest basis ......................................................... 88 
Changed Interest Basis ..................................................... 617 
Changed Interest Basis Period ......................................... 617 
Chilean Securities Market Law........................................ 214 
CISA ................................................................................. 228 
CIT .................................................................................... 282 
CIT Act ............................................................................. 272 
CIT Law ........................................................................... 279 
CIT Regulations ............................................................... 282 
Citi ....................................................................... iii, 143, 152 
Citi Support Agreement ........................................... 144, 146 
Citicorp ..................................................................... 144, 146 
Citigroup .............................................................. iii, 143, 152 
Citigroup Base Inc. Listing Particulars .............................. vii 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K ....................... 105, 115, 126 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q ......................... 105, 126 
Citigroup Inc. 20210 Q1 Form 10-Q ............................... 115 
Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K ........ 105, 115, 126 
Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars .............................. vii 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ................................. vii, xviii 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant ..................................... 295 
Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll................................. xxi 
clearing agency ................................................................. 198 
clearing corporation ......................................................... 198 
Clearing Systems .............................................................. 198 
Clearstream, Luxembourg......................................... viii, 298 
CMB ................................................................................. 228 
CMF .......................................................................... 214, 218 
CMF Rule 336 .................................................................. 214 
CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions ............................. 558 
CMS Interest Linked Notes ............................................. 574 
CMS Interest Rate ............................................................ 578 
CMS Reference Rate ........................................................ 578 
CMS Reference Rate [1] .................................. 663, 762, 890 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ..................................................... 578 
CMS Reference Rate 2 ............................. 578, 663, 762, 890 
CMVM ............................................................................. 223 
CNBV ............................................................................... 221

--- Page 904 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
904 
 
 
CoCo Provision ................................................................ 465 
CoCo Reference Entity..................................................... 466 
Code ................................... 45, 207, 208, 317, 318, 638, 775 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ...................................... 259 
Combined Prior Count ..................................................... 444 
Commission's Proposal .................................................... 289 
Commodity Exchange Act ............................................... 553 
Common Safekeeper ........................................................ 195 
Companies Act 1915 ........................................................ 158 
Company ........................................................................... 143 
Competent Authority ............................................................ v 
component CDSs ................................................................ 82 
Compounded Daily SOFR ............................................... 571 
Compounded Daily SONIA ............................................. 568 
Compounded SOFR ......................................................... 630 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ............................ 466 
Conditions ......................................................... 295, 639, 776 
Conforming Reference Obligation ................................... 466 
Consent Required Loan .................................................... 472 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions ................... 530 
Contingent Interest ........................................................... 466 
Contributable Assets................................................. 144, 146 
control ............................................................................... 338 
Corporate Manager ........................................................... 158 
Corrected Level ................................................................ 552 
Correction Period.............................................................. 553 
Corresponding Tenor................................................ 625, 630 
covered entities ................................................................... 32 
Covered Instrument .......................................................... 338 
Covered Instruments........................................................... 32 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms ................. 466 
Credit Derivatives Definitions ......................................... 466 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee ............... 466 
Credit Event ...................................................................... 466 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............................................. 467 
Credit Event Notice .......................................................... 467 
Credit Event Redemption Amount................................... 468 
Credit Event Redemption Date ........................................ 468 
Credit Event Redemption Method ................................... 468 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date .................... 353, 468 
Credit Event Writedown Date.......................................... 469 
Credit Events .................................................................... 180 
Credit Linked Conditions ................................................. 385 
Credit Linked Interest Notes ............................................ 469 
Credit Linked Note ........................................................... 469 
Credit Linked Notes ..................................................... v, 385 
Credit Linked Principal Notes ......................................... 469 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount .............................. 469 
CREST....................................................... viii, 202, 743, 872 
CREST Deed Poll ............................................................ 202 
CREST Depository .......................................................... 202 
CREST International Manual .......................................... 203 
CREST International Settlement Links Service .............. 203 
CREST Manual ................................................................ 202 
CREST Nominee.............................................................. 202 
CREST Rules ................................................................... 203 
CRR .................................................................................. 469 
CSSF ........................................................................... 35, 337 
Currency Amount ............................................................. 469 
Currency Disruption Event .............................................. 537 
Currency Pair.................................................................... 536 
Currency Rate ................................................................... 469 
Currency Rate Source ...................................................... 469 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event .................... 540, 546 
Current Base Listing Particulars ...................................... 777 
Current Base Prospectus .................................................. 640 
Current Interest Period ..................................................... 611 
CUSIP ............................................................................... 469 
Custodian .......................................................................... 469 
Cut-off Date ...................................................................... 341 
Cut-off Valuation Date............................................. 349, 550 
CVM ................................................................................. 214 
Czech Banking Act .......................................................... 215 
Czech Capital Market Act ................................................ 215 
d ........................................................................ 569, 571, 572 
d0 .............................................................................. 569, 572 
D1 ............................................................................. 579, 580 
D2 ..................................................................................... 580

--- Page 905 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
905 
 
 
Day Count Fraction .......................................................... 578 
days accrued ..................................................................... 587 
days observed ................................................................... 587 
dc ....................................................................................... 573 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date..................... 469 
DC Credit Event Announcement ..................................... 470 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ....................... 470 
DC Credit Event Question ............................................... 470 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .............................. 470 
DC Member ........................................................................ 68 
DC No Credit Event Announcement ............................... 470 
DC Resolution .................................................................. 470 
DC Rules..................................................................... 68, 470 
DC Secretary .................................................................... 470 
DC Valuation Date ........................................................... 557 
DC-determined EDD ................................................ 420, 470 
DCF........................................................................... 560, 561 
Dealer .................................................................................... v 
Dealers .................................................................................. v 
Dealership Agreement ...................................................... 206 
Decree No. 104 ................................................................. 259 
Decree No. 124 ................................................................. 259 
Decree No. 201 ................................................................. 264 
Decree No. 239 ................................................................. 258 
Decree No. 34 ................................................................... 259 
Decree No. 461 ................................................................. 259 
Decree No. 512 ................................................................. 263 
Deeds of Covenant ........................................................... 296 
Deeds of Guarantee ............................................................. ix 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date .......................................... 590 
Default Requirement ........................................................ 470 
default right ....................................................................... 338 
Deliver ...................................................................... 470, 471 
Deliverable Obligation ............................................. 471, 499 
Deliverable Obligation Category ..................................... 472 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ............................ 472 
Deliverable Obligation Notice ................................. 427, 473 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions ................................... 474 
Deliverable Obligation Terms .......................................... 474 
Deliverable Obligations ................................................... 365 
Delivered .......................................................................... 471 
Delivery ............................................................................ 471 
Delivery Date ................................................................... 474 
Delivery Expenses ............................................................ 474 
Denomination Currency ................................... 557, 641, 777 
Designated Maturity 581, 654, 655, 752, 759, 760, 765, 791, 
878, 888 
Determination Agent ........................................................ 581 
Determination Period ....................................................... 581 
DFSA ................................................................................ 217 
Digital Band Interest Rate ................................................ 594 
Digital Band Note Provisions .......................................... 558 
Digital Band Notes ........................................................... 594 
Digital Interest Rate ......................................................... 593 
Digital Note Provisions .................................................... 558 
Digital Notes .................................................................... 593 
DIR Index ................................................................. 561, 634 
DIR Index Figure ..................................................... 561, 634 
DIR Index Ratio ....................................................... 561, 634 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions ............... 558 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes ................................ 341 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes ............................................. 341 
Direct Loan Participation ................................................. 472 
Direct Participants ............................................................ 198 
Disbursing Agent ............................................................. 251 
Dispute .............................................................................. 335 
Disrupted Day .................................................. 347, 537, 543 
Disrupted Rate .................................................................. 349 
Disruption Event .............................................................. 541 
Disruption Fallback .......................................................... 541 
distributions ...................................................................... 277 
distributor ........................................................................ xxiii 
Documentation Form ............................................... 533, 534 
Domestic Currency .......................................................... 474 
Domestic Law .................................................................. 474 
Downstream Affiliate ....................................................... 474 
DTC ................................................................... viii, 195, 298 
DTC Notes........................................................................ 198 
DTC Rules ........................................................................ 198

--- Page 906 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
906 
 
 
DTCC .......................................................................... 54, 198 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate ......................................... 557 
Dual Currency Note Provisions ....................................... 557 
Dual Currency Notes ........................................................ 557 
Dual Exchange Rate ......................................................... 537 
Due and Payable Amount................................................. 474 
Early Redemption Amount .............................................. 304 
Early Redemption Date ............................................ 306, 308 
Early Redemption Event .................................................. 553 
Early Redemption Put Notice .......................................... 305 
Ecuador Reference Entity................................................. 474 
EEA........................................................................... 636, 773 
EEA Authorised Offeror ..................................................... xi 
EEA Authorised Offeror Terms ......................................... xii 
Effective Date ................................................................... 474 
EIN .................................................................................... 152 
Electronic Page ................................................................. 553 
Eligible Index ................................................................... 532 
Eligible Information ......................................................... 474 
Eligible Transferee ........................................................... 474 
EMU ................................................................................. 341 
English Law Notes ........................................................... 339 
ERISA ....................................................... 207, 208, 638, 775 
ERISA Plans ..................................................................... 205 
ESMA .................................................................................. ix 
ESMA Register................................................................... 47 
Established Rate ............................................................... 334 
ESTR................................................................................... 48 
EU ....................................................................................... 99 
EU CRA Regulation ..................................xiv, 736, 737, 739 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ......................................xxii, 636, 773 
EU Prospectus Regulation...... 210, 211, 222, 294, 636, 638, 
773, 775 
EUR .................................................................................... xx 
EUR Swap Rate ................................................................ 584 
EURIBOR........................................................................... 47 
euro ..................................................................................... xx 
Euro ..................................................................................... xx 
Eurobond Basis ................................................................. 580 
Euroclear ........................................................... viii, 298, 475 
Euroclear Finland ........................................................ ix, 298 
Euroclear Finland Register .............................................. 301 
Euroclear Finland Registrar ............................................. 301 
Euroclear Sweden...................................................... viii, 296 
Euronext Dublin ........................................................... v, 328 
EuroSTR ............................................................................. 48 
Euro-zone ......................................................................... 339 
EUWA ....................................................................... xiv, 775 
Event Currency ................................................................. 536 
Event Currency Jurisdiction ............................................. 536 
Event Determination Date................................................ 475 
Event of Default ....................................................... 320, 547 
Exchange Act ............................................ xxi, 114, 125, 138 
Exchange Agent ............................................................... 295 
Exchange Bonds or Loans ....................................... 373, 522 
Exchange Event ................................................................ 197 
Exchange Rate .......................................................... 536, 541 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation..................................... 475 
Excluded Obligation ........................................................ 475 
Exempt Notes .............................................................. vi, 294 
Exercise Amount .............................................. 367, 422, 476 
Exhaustion Point .............................................................. 476 
Extended Maturity Date ................................................... 476 
Extension Date ................................................................. 477 
Failure to Pay ................................................................... 477 
fair market value............................................................... 308 
Fair Market Value ............................................................ 308 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement ................................................................ 309 
Fallback Bond .................................................................. 341 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ................................ 433 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ..................................... 433 
Fallback Discounting ................................................. 70, 498 
Fallback Redemption Method .......................................... 477 
FCA ............................................................................ 47, 164 
FCA Announcement .......................................................... 98 
FDIC ................................................................................... xv 
Federal Reserve ................................................................ 143 
Federal Reserve Board ..................................... 105, 115, 126 
FEIN ................................................................................. 152

--- Page 907 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
907 
 
 
FICC ................................................................................... 54 
FIEA ................................................................................. 220 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ................................. 477 
Final Auction Redemption Date ...................................... 477 
Final Cash Redemption Amount ...................................... 477 
Final Cash Redemption Date ........................................... 478 
Final Interest Period ................................................. 610, 611 
Final Interest Period End Date ......................................... 581 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount ............................... 478 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ..................................... 478 
Final List ........................................................................... 478 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date ................ 439, 478 
Final Price ......................................................................... 478 
Final Price Determination Date ........................................ 425 
Final Terms ....................................................................... 294 
Finance Act 2017 .............................................................. 259 
Finance Act 2019 .............................................................. 259 
Financial Services Act ...................................................... 220 
Finnish Notes ..................................................................... viii 
Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent ...................... 301 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement ........................................................................ 297 
FinSA ................................................ xiii, 636, 637, 773, 774 
FinSO ................................................................................. xiii 
First Entity ........................................................................ 338 
First Fallback Electronic Page ......................................... 541 
First Fallback Rate Source ............................................... 541 
First Fallback Reference Price ......................................... 541 
First Fallback Reference Rate .......................................... 541 
First Fallback Valuation Time ......................................... 541 
First Obligation ................................................................. 494 
Fiscal Agency Agreement ................................................ 295 
Fiscal Agent ...................................................................... 295 
Fitch ................................................................................... xiv 
Fixed Cap .......................................................................... 478 
Fixed Fee Amount ............................................................ 614 
Fixed Interest Rate .................................................... 563, 581 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions .............................................. 558 
Fixed Rate Notes .............................................................. 562 
Fixed Recovery Percentage .............................................. 478 
flat tax ............................................................................... 250 
Floating Interest Rate ....................................................... 581 
Floating Rate Note Provisions ......................................... 558 
Floating Rate Notes .......................................................... 564 
Floor ................................................................................. 612 
Floor Rate ......................................................................... 612 
Forward Rate .................................................................... 575 
Forward Rate Reference Banks ....................................... 576 
FSMA ....................................................................... 212, 775 
FTT ........................................................................... 244, 289 
Full Quotation .................................................................. 478 
Fully Transferable Obligation .......................................... 479 
Fund .................................................................................. 259 
Funding Interest Amount ................................................. 391 
Funding Interest Rate ....................................................... 479 
Further Subordinated Obligation ..................................... 479 
FX Adjusted Interest Rate ................................................ 608 
FX Performance ............................................................... 609 
FX Performance 1 ............................................................ 609 
FX Performance 2 ............................................................ 609 
FX Performance Note Provisions .................................... 558 
FX Performance Notes ..................................................... 608 
FX Performance Rate ....................................................... 609 
FX Performance Valuation Date ..................................... 610 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1 .................................. 610 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2 .................................. 610 
FX Rate............................................................. 479, 536, 541 
FX Rate Condition ................................................... 536, 541 
FX Rate Notes ...................................................................... v 
FX Rate Set Date .............................................................. 479 
FX Rate Source ................................................................ 541 
GBP .................................................................................... xx 
GBP Swap Rate ................................................................ 585 
General Conditions........................................................... 294 
General Conditions Early Redemption .................... 387, 532 
General Inconvertibility ................................................... 537 
General Non-Transferability ............................................ 537 
Global Exchange Market ................................................... vii 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions ............................... 559

--- Page 908 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
908 
 
 
Global Interest Cap Notes ................................................ 612 
Global Interest Floor Note Provisions ............................. 559 
Global Interest Floor Notes .............................................. 611 
Global Registered Note Certificate ........................... viii, 294 
Global Registered Note Certificates ................................ 195 
Governmental Authority .................................. 479, 536, 544 
Governmental Authority Default ..................................... 538 
Governmental Intervention .............................................. 479 
Grace Period ..................................................................... 480 
Grace Period Business Day .............................................. 480 
Grace Period Extension Date ........................................... 480 
Greece ............................................................................... 254 
Greek tax residents ........................................................... 254 
Green Bonds ..................................................... 150, 156, 162 
Group .................................................................................. 29 
G-SIBs ................................................................................ 32 
Guarantee .......................................................................... 481 
Guarantor .............................................................iii, 166, 295 
Guarantors ................................................................... iii, 295 
Hedge Disruption Obligation ................................... 429, 481 
hedging arrangements ...................................................... 325 
Hedging Disruption .......................................................... 553 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event ................. 553 
Hedging Party ................................................................... 554 
Hedging Position .............................................................. 554 
Hellenic Reference Entity ................................................ 481 
Helsinki Banking Day ...................................................... 313 
Highest .............................................................................. 527 
HMRC .............................................................................. 235 
holder ........................................................................ 297, 298 
holder of Notes ......................................................... 196, 298 
Holding Notice ................................................................. 614 
Hong Kong ............................................................... 219, 502 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation ...... 533 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction ................... 533 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement............................ 533 
Hypothetical Single Name Set ......................................... 533 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation .............. 533 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction ........................... 534 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General 
Terms ........................................................................ 533, 534 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation .................................... 534 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction ....................................... 534 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty ..................................... 534 
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value ........................... 534 
i ......................................................................... 569, 572, 604 
IBA ..................................................................................... 98 
IBA Announcement ........................................................... 98 
ICG ................................................................................... 159 
IGA ................................................................................... 279 
IGT ................................................................................... 281 
IHC ........................................................................... 144, 146 
IIT ..................................................................................... 280 
IIT Law ............................................................................. 279 
IIT Regulations ................................................................. 280 
Illegality Event ................................................................. 303 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) ...................... 303 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance) .......................... 303 
Illiquidity .......................................................................... 538 
Implicit Portfolio Size ...................................................... 481 
Implied Forward Rate ...................................................... 576 
Income Tax Law .............................................................. 245 
Inconvertibility Event....................................................... 481 
Increased Cost of Hedging ....................... 59, 60, 61, 62, 554 
Increased Cost of Index Event ......................................... 341 
Index ................................................................................. 481 
Index Annex ..................................................................... 481 
Index Annex Date ............................................................ 481 
index CDS ........................................................................ 375 
Index Month A ................................................................. 561 
Index Month B ................................................................. 561 
Index Month X ................................................................. 634 
Index Month Y ................................................................. 634 
Index Parties ..................................................................... 375 
Index Publisher ................................................................. 481 
Index Skew Conditions .................................................... 529 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount .......................... 533 
Index Skew Notes ........................................................ v, 529

--- Page 909 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
909 
 
 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount ............................................................................. 533 
Index Skew Position ......................................... 529, 530, 535 
Index Sponsor ........................................................... 341, 481 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ............................... 481 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount .................... 481 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ........................... 482 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount ................... 482 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities ...... 447 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount.............................. 482 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity ................. 447 
Index Tranched Successor Entity ..................................... 447 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ........................... 482 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities .............................................................................. 446 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount .................... 446 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity .............. 446 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ................................. 446 
Indirect Noteholder ........................................................... 323 
Indirect Participants .......................................................... 198 
Inflation Index .................................................................. 341 
Inflation Rate Note Provisions ......................................... 557 
Inflation Rate Notes ...................................................... v, 341 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ............................................ 745 
Initial FX Rate .......................................................... 642, 778 
Initial Interest Basis .......................................................... 617 
Initial Interest Basis Period .............................................. 617 
Instrument Payments ........................................................ 482 
Insurance Distribution Directive .............................. xxii, 636 
Insured Instrument ............................................................ 483 
Insured Obligor ................................................................. 483 
interest ....................................................................... 270, 319 
Interest Amount ...... 559, 562, 564, 574, 577, 591, 594, 595, 
596, 597, 600, 603, 606, 608 
Interest Amount Inflation Index ....................................... 560 
Interest Basis Table .......................................................... 581 
Interest Commencement Date .......................................... 581 
Interest Determination Date ..................................... 568, 581 
Interest Observation Date ......................................... 587, 590 
Interest Participation Rate ................................ 560, 561, 582 
Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) .................................................................... 607 
Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) .................. 604 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) ........... 598 
Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) ................................................................................. 601 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ............................................. 582 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ............................................. 582 
Interest Payment Date ...................................................... 564 
Interest Period................................................................... 582 
Interest Period End Date .................................................. 583 
Interest Rate .............................................................. 563, 583 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount ..................... 370, 390 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount ...................................... 483 
Intermediary ..................................................................... 260 
Interpolated Benchmark ................................................... 630 
Interpolated Reference Rate ............................................. 625 
Inverse Fixed Rate............................................................ 596 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate .......................................... 596 
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions ............................ 558 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes ............................................. 596 
Inverse Reference Rate .................................................... 596 
Investor ................................................................................ xi 
IPR ............................................................................ 560, 561 
IRAP ................................................................................. 259 
IRES ................................................................................. 259 
IRS ...................................................................................... 45 
ISARM ............................................................................. 216 
ISDA ........................................................... 94, 352, 483, 567 
ISDA Definitions ..................................................... 347, 567 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment .............................................. 631 
ISDA Fallback Rate ......................................................... 631 
ISDA Rate ........................................................................ 567 
ISIN .................................................................................. 192 
Issue Date ......................................................................... 581 
Issue Terms.............................................................. ii, vi, 295 
Issuer ............................................................................ iii, 295 
Issuer Business Day ......................................................... 483 
Issuers .................................................................................. iii 
Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption ............................... 304

--- Page 910 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
910 
 
 
IVAFE .............................................................................. 264 
Joint Potential Successor .................................................. 441 
Joint Relevant Obligation ................................................. 441 
KID ................................................................................... 223 
KMG 2019 ........................................................................ 213 
KPMG Luxembourg......................................................... 161 
KSA Regulations .............................................................. 224 
LA Cash Redemption Amount......................................... 483 
LA Cash Redemption Date .............................................. 483 
LA Cut-Off Date .............................................................. 483 
LA Interest Amount.......................................................... 483 
LA Physical Redemption Date ......................................... 483 
LA Recovery Amount ...................................................... 484 
LA Relevant Currency ..................................................... 484 
LA Settlement Assets ....................................................... 484 
LA Valuation Date ........................................................... 484 
LA Value Date .................................................................. 484 
Largest Asset Package ...................................................... 484 
Latest Level .............................................................. 342, 343 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan .................... 484 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date ................... 484 
LBD .................................................................................. 583 
LCY Reference Amount .................................................. 485 
Legacy Reference Entity Count ....................................... 444 
Lev ............................................................................ 587, 604 
Liabilities .......................................................................... 166 
LIBOR ................................................................................ 47 
Limitation Date ................................................................. 485 
Limited Shareholders ....................................................... 158 
Limited Shares .................................................................. 158 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes .................................. 485 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities ......... 445 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount................... 445, 485 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity .................... 445 
Linear Basket Successor Entity ........................................ 445 
Listed ................................................................................ 495 
Loan .................................................................................. 494 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date .................... 431, 485 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes .................................. 485 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount ................... 450, 485 
Local Access Succession Reference Entity ..................... 449 
Local Access Successor Entity ................................ 449, 485 
Local Currency ................................................................. 551 
Local Jurisdiction ............................................................. 555 
Lock-in Barrier ................................................................. 618 
Lock-in Barrier n .............................................................. 619 
Lock-in Condition ............................................................ 617 
Lock-in Condition n ......................................................... 618 
Lock-in Date ..................................................................... 619 
Lock-in Determination Date ............................................ 619 
Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day ............................ 619 
lock-in event ....................................................................... 88 
Lock-in Event ................................................................... 620 
Lock-in Event n ................................................................ 620 
Lock-in Reference Observation ....................................... 618 
Lock-in Reference Observation n .................................... 620 
Lock-in Specified Rate..................................................... 618 
London Banking Day ....................................................... 583 
London Business Day ...................................................... 577 
Loss Amount .................................................................... 485 
Loss Threshold Amount ................................................... 486 
Lower Range .................................................................... 587 
Lower Range 1 ................................................................. 587 
Lower Range 2 ................................................................. 587 
Lower Range 3 ................................................................. 587 
Lowest .............................................................................. 527 
M(M)R Restructuring ...................................................... 487 
M1 ............................................................................. 579, 580 
M2 ............................................................................. 579, 580 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount ........................... 620 
Mandatory Early Redemption Condition ........................ 620 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date ................................. 620 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event ............................... 620 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date............................................. 341 
Margin ...................................................... 560, 561, 583, 635 
Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) ............ 607 
Margin (SF Interest Rate) ................................................ 604 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) .......................................... 598

--- Page 911 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
911 
 
 
Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) ............................ 601 
Margin 1 ........................................................................... 583 
Margin 2 ........................................................................... 583 
Market ............................................................................... 527 
Market Disruption Event .......................................... 486, 538 
Market Value ............................................................ 433, 486 
Material Change Adjustments .......................................... 624 
Material Change Event Trigger.................................. 94, 624 
Material Change in Circumstances .................................. 538 
maturity ............................................................................. 505 
Maturity Date .................................................................... 339 
Maturity Redemption Amount ......................................... 486 
max ................................................................................... 604 
Max ................................................................................... 587 
Maximum Interest Rate .................................................... 583 
Maximum Maturity .......................................................... 473 
Maximum Redemption Amount ...................................... 635 
Maximum Reference Rate ............................................... 583 
MCAA .............................................................................. 289 
MCIFA.............................................................................. 216 
Member State.................................................................... 230 
MER Determination Date ................................................ 622 
Merger Event .................................................................... 487 
Merger Redemption Amount ........................................... 487 
Mid-market ....................................................................... 506 
Mid-Market Swap Rate .................................................... 585 
MiFID II ................................................................... 636, 773 
MiFID II Regulations ....................................................... 219 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.................................. xxiii 
MiFIR ............................................................................... 211 
Min ............................................................................ 587, 598 
Minimum Interest Rate..................................................... 583 
Minimum Redemption Amount ....................................... 635 
Minimum Reference Rate ................................................ 584 
Modified Eligible Transferee ........................................... 487 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date .......... 487 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity .................................. 487 
Moody's ............................................................................. xiv 
MoT ..................................................................................... vi 
Movement Option ............................................................ 487 
Movement Option Cut-off Date....................................... 487 
Multiple Holder Obligation.............................................. 488 
Multiplier .......................................................................... 598 
n ........................................................................................ 309 
Nationalisation ................................................................. 538 
Net Wealth Tax ................................................................ 281 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes .......................... 406 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ............................. 572 
New York Law Notes ...................................................... 339 
Next Currency Fixing Time ............................................. 488 
ni ............................................................................... 569, 572 
No Auction Announcement Date .................................... 488 
No Material Change Adjustment Determination ............ 624 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation .......................... 488 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation ......... 488 
Non-Contingent Amount ................................................. 497 
Non-Contingent Interest ................................................... 488 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package ...................................... 435 
Non-ERISA Arrangements .............................................. 205 
Non-Event Currency ........................................................ 536 
Non-exempt Offer ............................................................ 210 
Non-Financial Instrument ................................................ 488 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ........................ 488 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date ............................... 491 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation................................ 491 
Non-Transferable Instrument ........................................... 491 
Non-U.S. Holder .............................................................. 231 
Non-U.S. Issuer ................................................................ 231 
NOPS Amendment Notice ....................................... 491, 492 
Norwegian Noteholders ................................................... 268 
Not Bearer ........................................................................ 473 
Not Domestic Currency ................................................... 495 
Not Domestic Issuance..................................................... 495 
Not Domestic Law ........................................................... 495 
Not Sovereign Lender ...................................................... 495 
Not Subordinated ............................................................. 494 
Noteholder ........................................................ 196, 297, 298 
Notes ........................................................................... 27, 294

--- Page 912 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
912 
 
 
Notes Extension Date ....................................................... 491 
Notice Cut-Off Time ........................................................ 616 
Notice Delivery Date ........................................................ 492 
Notice Delivery Period ..................................................... 492 
Notice of Physical Settlement .......................................... 492 
Notice of Publicly Available Information ....................... 493 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ............................. 492 
Notice-determined EDD........................................... 420, 492 
NRIT ................................................................................. 279 
NRIT Law ......................................................................... 279 
NSS ................................................................................... 195 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes .................... 493 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities ........ 443 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ................. 443, 493 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity ................... 443 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ...................................... 443 
Number of Basis Points .................................................... 614 
Number of Postponement Days ....................................... 545 
Number of Settlement Business Days ............................. 541 
NY ....................................................................................... 49 
NY Federal Reserve ................................................... 53, 631 
NY Federal Reserve's Website ......................................... 631 
obligation .......................................................................... 505 
Obligation ......................................................................... 493 
Obligation Acceleration ................................................... 496 
Obligation Category ......................................................... 493 
Obligation Characteristics ................................................ 494 
Obligation Currency ......................................................... 496 
Obligation Default ............................................................ 496 
Obligation to Withhold Tax ............................................. 275 
Obligations........................................................................ 352 
obligor ............................................................................... 505 
Observation Look-Back Period ........................................ 572 
Observation Period ........................................................... 569 
OCC .................................................................. 105, 115, 126 
offer ................................................................................... 211 
Offer .................................................................................. 506 
offer of Notes to the public .............................................. 211 
Official List ........................................................................... v 
Official Successor Rate ............................................ 540, 543 
OLA .................................................................................... 32 
Omnibus Accounts ........................................................... 271 
Option ............................................................................... 309 
Option Value .................................................................... 309 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount ............................. 496 
Original Currency..................................................... 539, 544 
Original Entity .................................................................. 330 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation ................. 496 
Original Obligation(s) ...................................................... 498 
Outstanding ...................................................................... 322 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount ....................... 496 
Outstanding Amount ................................................ 492, 497 
Outstanding Principal Balance ................................. 497, 498 
Owners.............................................................................. 198 
Ownership Restriction Event ........................................... 499 
p ........................................................................................ 572 
Package Observable Bond ............................... 183, 371, 499 
Page .................................................................................. 584 
Paraguayan Securities Commission ................................. 222 
Parallel Auction ................................................................ 499 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date.................................. 499 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms .................................. 499 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ................................... 432 
Partial Cash Redemption Date ......................................... 433 
Participants ....................................................................... 198 
Paying Agents .................................................................. 295 
Payment ............................................................................ 494 
Payment Date ................................................................... 341 
Payment Day .................................................................... 314 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date ................................. 438, 499 
Payment Failure Event Notice ......................................... 438 
Payment Requirement ...................................................... 500 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ...................................... 499 
Payor ................................................................................. 256 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation ................................. 500 
Permitted Contingency ....................................... 70, 186, 500 
Permitted Transfer ............................................................ 500 
Person ............................................................................... 329

--- Page 913 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
913 
 
 
Personal Income Tax Act ................................................. 255 
Physical Redemption Assets ............................................ 500 
Physical Redemption Date ............................................... 501 
Physical Settlement Matrix ...................................... 353, 501 
Physical Settlement Period ............................................... 501 
PIT Act.............................................................................. 270 
Plans .................................................................................. 205 
Polish FSA ........................................................................ 222 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ......................... 501 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount ............... 501 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...................... 501 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount .............. 502 
Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities .............................................................................. 448 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount ........................ 502 
Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity ............ 448 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity ............................... 448 
Portugal ............................................................................. 223 
Portuguese Offeror ........................................................... 223 
Post Dismissal Additional Period .................................... 502 
Potential Failure to Pay .................................................... 502 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium .................................. 502 
PRA................................................................................... 164 
PRC ................................................................................... 502 
Preceding Interest Period ................................................... 86 
Preceding Payment Date .................................................... 86 
Preference Shares ............................................................. 160 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate .................. 625 
Previous Coupon ........................................................ 86, 607 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate ...................... 86, 606 
Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions ....................... 558 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes ....................................... 606 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date .......................... 606 
Previous Coupon Linked Period ...................................... 606 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate .................................... 607 
Price Materiality ....................................................... 538, 541 
Price Materiality Percentage .................................... 536, 542 
Price Source Disruption ........................................... 538, 542 
Pricing Supplement ..................................................... vi, 294 
Primary Rate ............................................................. 536, 542 
principal ............................................................................ 319 
Principal Amount ............................................................. 309 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) .............. 309 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption ........................................................................ 304 
Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity ..................... 309 
Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early redemption .......... 304 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount .................................... 502 
Principal Writedown Amount .......................................... 502 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ............................ 183, 371, 503 
Prior Reference Obligation .............................................. 495 
Private Investors ............................................................... 250 
Private-side Loan ............................................................. 503 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement .............................. 310 
Programme ........................................................................... ii 
Prohibited Action ............................................................. 503 
Prospectus Law ........................................................ 214, 216 
Prospectus Regulation .......................................................... ii 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) .............................................. 745 
Public Offering ................................................................. 223 
Public Source.................................................................... 503 
Publicly Available Information ....................................... 503 
Put Notice ......................................................................... 311 
QFC Stay Rules .................................................................. 32 
QFCs ................................................................................... 32 
QIB ........................................................................... 206, 300 
QIBs ..................................................... ix, 195, 209, 638, 775 
qualified financial contract............................................... 338 
Qualified Index Securities ................................................ 233 
Qualified Indices .............................................................. 233 
qualified institutional buyer ............................................. 300 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ........................................ 504 
Qualifying Guarantee ............................................... 504, 505 
Qualifying Policy ............................................................. 505 
Quantum of the Claim ...................................................... 498 
Quotation .................................................................. 434, 505 
Quotation Amount .................................................... 433, 506

--- Page 914 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
914 
 
 
Quotation Dealer .............................................................. 506 
Quotation Method..................................................... 433, 506 
Quote Currency ................................................................ 537 
r ......................................................................................... 310 
RA Cap ............................................................................. 587 
RA Factor ......................................................................... 586 
RA Floor ........................................................................... 587 
Range Accrual Note Provisions ....................................... 558 
Range Accrual Notes ........................................................ 585 
Range Accrual Table ........................................................ 592 
Rate ................................................................................... 347 
Rate 1 ........................................................................ 604, 607 
Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ..................................... 604 
Rate 1 Margin ................................................................... 604 
Rate 1 Participation Rate .................................................. 607 
Rate 2 ........................................................................ 604, 607 
Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ..................................... 604 
Rate 2 Margin ................................................................... 604 
Rate 2 Participation Rate .................................................. 608 
Rate Linked Notes ................................................................ v 
Rate Table ......................................................................... 584 
Rate X ............................................................................... 598 
Rate Y ............................................................................... 598 
Rate Z................................................................................ 598 
RCRn ................................................................................ 611 
Real Estate Funds ............................................................. 259 
Realisation Disruption Event ........................................... 554 
Rebased Index .................................................................. 345 
Record Date ...................................................................... 312 
Recovery Amount............................................................. 507 
Recovery Threshold Amount ........................................... 507 
Redeemed Notes ............................................................... 310 
Redemption Amount ........................................................ 302 
Redemption Participation Rate ........................................ 635 
Redemption Suspension Notice ............................... 440, 507 
Redenomination Date ....................................................... 334 
Reference Assets .............................................................. 507 
Reference Banks ....................................................... 575, 584 
Reference Currency .......................................................... 584 
Reference Currency Business Day .................................. 542 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement ................ 508 
Reference Custodian ........................................................ 508 
Reference Entity ............................................................... 508 
Reference Entity Count .................................................... 508 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ................................. 508 
Reference Entity Weighting ............................................. 509 
Reference Investor ........................................................... 509 
Reference Investor Assets ................................................ 509 
Reference Jurisdiction ...................................................... 509 
Reference Level................................................................ 342 
Reference Month .............................................................. 342 
Reference Obligation ............................................... 433, 509 
Reference Obligation Only .............................................. 494 
Reference Obligation Only Series ................................... 509 
Reference Observation ............................................. 587, 589 
Reference Observation 1 .................................................. 588 
Reference Observation 2 .................................................. 588 
Reference Observation 3 .................................................. 588 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day ............................ 590 
Reference Observation Table ........................................... 592 
Reference Rate ................................................. 584, 594, 632 
Reference Rate Event ....................................................... 625 
Reference Rate Interbank Market .................................... 566 
Reference Rate One ................................. 589, 599, 602, 605 
Reference Rate Ones ........................................................ 589 
Reference Rate Two ................................. 589, 599, 602, 605 
Reference Rate Twos ....................................................... 589 
Reference Time ................................................................ 631 
Registered Note Certificates ..................................... viii, 294 
Registered Notes ....................................................... viii, 297 
Registrar ........................................................................... 295 
Regulation ........................................................................ 276 
Regulation No. 11971 ...................................................... 220 
Regulation S ........................................ ix, 195, 300, 638, 775 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate .... 195, 300 
Regulatory Change Cost .................................................. 510 
Regulatory Change Event ................................................ 510 
Relevant Agent ........................................................... 95, 556

--- Page 915 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
915 
 
 
Relevant Agreements ....................................................... 338 
Relevant Business Day ..................................................... 601 
Relevant City Business Day ............................................. 510 
Relevant Clearing System ........................................ 298, 427 
Relevant Credit Event ...................................................... 510 
Relevant Currency ............................................ 557, 641, 777 
Relevant Date ...................................316, 318, 319, 320, 557 
Relevant Day .................................................................... 564 
relevant Deed of Covenant ............................................... 296 
relevant entity ..................................................................... 34 
Relevant Event Determination Date ................................ 511 
Relevant Financial Centre ................................................ 584 
Relevant Governmental Body .......................................... 631 
Relevant Guarantee .......................................................... 511 
Relevant Holder ................................................................ 511 
Relevant Interest Payment Date ....................................... 612 
Relevant ISDA Definitions .............................................. 631 
Relevant Nominating Body .............................................. 626 
Relevant Number .............................................. 571, 573, 890 
Relevant Obligations ........................................................ 511 
Relevant Proportion .......................................................... 310 
Relevant Rate .................................................... 544, 582, 583 
relevant resolution authority............................................. 337 
Relevant Risk Event ......................................................... 511 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date ........................ 511 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date .................. 540, 545, 552 
Relevant Securities ........................................................... 265 
Relevant SF Rate .............................................................. 603 
Relevant Spread Rate ....................................................... 597 
Relevant Swap Rate.......................................................... 584 
Relevant Time .................................................................. 585 
Relevant Volatility Bond Rate ......................................... 600 
Relibi Law ........................................................................ 237 
Renminbi .......................................................................... 511 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ............................................................................. 492 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation ............................... 492 
Replacement Reference Rate ........................................... 626 
repo ..................................................................................... 54 
Representative Amount .................................................... 585 
Repudiation ...................................................................... 538 
Repudiation/Moratorium.................................................. 512 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date ...................... 512 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition ............... 512 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice .................... 513 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions .................................... 558 
Reserve Coupon Notes ..................................................... 610 
Reserve Coupon Rate (n) ................................................. 611 
Resolution Council ............................................................. 35 
Resolution Plan ........................................................ 144, 145 
Resolve ............................................................................. 513 
Resolved ........................................................................... 513 
Resolves............................................................................ 513 
Restructure Fee ................................................................. 614 
Restructure Interest Rate Note Provisions ....................... 559 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes ....................................... 613 
Restructure Rate ............................................................... 614 
Restructure Rate Acceptance ........................................... 613 
Restructure Rate Request ................................................. 614 
Restructure Rate Request Confirmation .......................... 613 
Restructure Rate Request Date ........................................ 613 
Restructure Rate Request Period ..................................... 615 
Restructure Rate Request Start Date ................................ 615 
Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation............................ 613 
Restructured Bond or Loan .............................................. 513 
Restructured Entity........................................................... 406 
Restructuring .................................................................... 513 
Restructuring Date ........................................................... 515 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date .......................... 515 
Result ................................................................................ 594 
retail investor .......................................... xxii, xxiii, 210, 211 
Revised Currency Rate..................................................... 515 
Revision Cut-off Date ...................................................... 342 
RG AMF ........................................................................... 218 
RIIPs Regulation .............................................................. 223 
Risk Event ........................................................................ 515 
Risk Event Determination Date ....................................... 516 
Risk Event Determination Period .................................... 516 
Risk Event Notice ............................................................ 516

--- Page 916 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
916 
 
 
Risk Event Redemption Method ...................................... 516 
Risk Events ......................................................................... 80 
RMB ................................................................................. 511 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date ................ 418, 511 
RMB Determination Business Day.................................. 511 
RMB Determination Date ................................................ 512 
RMB Relevant Currency .................................................. 512 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time ....................... 512 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page ............................ 512 
RMB Settlement Centre ................................................... 512 
RMB Spot Rate ................................................................ 512 
Rollerball Barrier .............................................................. 621 
Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day ......................... 623 
Rollerball MER Condition ............................................... 620 
Rollerball Reference Observation .................................... 621 
Rollerball Specified Rate ................................................. 621 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 ..................................... 227 
RP...................................................................................... 307 
Rule 144A ........................................... ix, 195, 300, 638, 775 
Rule 144A Deed Polls ....................................................... xxi 
Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate ....... 195, 300 
S&P .................................................................................... xiv 
Saudi Investor ................................................................... 224 
SCDF Law ........................................................................ 246 
Schedule ............................................................................ 294 
Scheduled Determination Date ................................ 620, 623 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................................................. 339 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ................................ 516 
Scheduled Observation Date ............................................ 590 
Scheduled Trading Day .................................... 347, 537, 542 
Schedules .......................................................................... 294 
Screen Rate ....................................................................... 564 
SEC ................................................................................... 105 
Second Fallback Electronic Page ..................................... 542 
Second Fallback Rate Source ........................................... 542 
Second Fallback Reference Price ..................................... 542 
Second Fallback Reference Rate...................................... 542 
Second Fallback Valuation Time ..................................... 542 
Second Obligation ............................................................ 494 
Second Rate ........................................................................ 88 
Secondary Rate ......................................................... 537, 542 
Section 871(m) ................................................................. 232 
Section 871(m) Event....................................................... 555 
Securities Act .............................. ix, 207, 208, 300, 638, 775 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ............................................. 516 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ............................. 372, 516 
Senior Obligation ............................................................. 517 
Senior Reference Entity ................................................... 517 
Seniority Level ................................................................. 517 
Series ........................................................................ 194, 296 
Services......................................................... v, 150, 156, 162 
Settled Entity .................................................................... 517 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount .............................. 517 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount ...................... 517 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ............................................. 517 
Settled Entity Matrix ........................................................ 517 
Settled Entity Notional Amount ...................................... 517 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ..................................... 517 
Settled Entity Weighting .................................................. 518 
Settlement Currency Business Day ................................. 542 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ........................... 518 
Settlement/Custodial Event .............................................. 518 
SF Rate 1 .......................................................................... 604 
SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ............................... 605 
SF Rate 1 Margin ............................................................. 605 
SF Rate 2 .......................................................................... 605 
SF Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ............................... 605 
SF Rate 2 Margin ............................................................. 605 
SF Reference Rate ............................................................ 605 
SFA .......................................................................... xxiii, 773 
SFIA Act.................................................................... viii, 195 
SFO ................................................................................... 219 
SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions .................................. 571 
SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions ......................... 570 
SGRs ................................................................................. 260 
Shareholders ..................................................................... 158 
Shout Forward Rate(s) ..................................................... 600 
Shout Option Cut-off Time .............................................. 600

--- Page 917 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
917 
 
 
Shout Option Date ............................................................ 600 
Shout Period ..................................................................... 601 
SIMs .................................................................................. 260 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ................................... 518 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount .................... 442, 518 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity ...................... 442 
Single Name Successor Entity ................................. 442, 518 
skew .................................................................................... 82 
Social Bonds ............................................................. 151, 156 
SOFR .................................................................. 48, 572, 631 
SOFR Fallback Provisions ............................................... 574 
SOFR Floating Rate ......................................................... 571 
SOFR Index ...................................................................... 573 
SOFR Index Floating Rate ............................................... 573 
SOFR IndexEnd ............................................................... 573 
SOFR IndexStart .............................................................. 573 
SOFR Observation Period ................................................ 572 
SOFR Reference Rate ...................................................... 572 
SOFRi-pUSBD ................................................................. 572 
Sole Noteholder ................................................................ 613 
Sole Noteholder Contact .................................................. 615 
Sole Noteholder Notice Details ........................................ 615 
Solvency Capital Provisions ............................................ 518 
SONIA ................................................................................ 48 
SONIA Compounded Index ............................................. 571 
SONIA Floating Rate ....................................................... 568 
SONIA Index Floating Rate ............................................. 571 
SONIA rate ....................................................................... 569 
SONIAi ............................................................................. 569 
SONIAi-5LBD ................................................................. 570 
Sovereign .......................................................................... 518 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation .............. 518 
Sovereign Succession Event ............................................ 518 
Specific Inconvertibility ................................................... 538 
Specific Non-Transferability ............................................ 539 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date ....................................... 591 
Specified Currency ........................................... 495, 641, 777 
Specified Currency Jurisdiction ....................................... 545 
Specified DC Valuation Date ........................................... 557 
Specified ELIs .................................................................. 232 
Specified Financial Centre(s) ........................................... 537 
Specified FX Performance Valuation Date ..................... 610 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date ............................ 619 
Specified MER Determination Date ................................ 622 
Specified Number............................................................. 518 
Specified Rate .......................................... 593, 596, 682, 817 
Specified Rate 1 ............................................... 596, 682, 817 
Specified Rate 2 ............................................... 596, 682, 817 
Specified Time ................................................................. 585 
Specified Valuation Date ................................................. 555 
SPGRE................................................................................ xv 
SPGRUK ............................................................................ xv 
Spread Cap Margin .......................................................... 598 
Spread Interest Rate ......................................................... 597 
Spread Note Provisions .................................................... 558 
Spread Notes .................................................................... 597 
Spread Rate 1 ................................................................... 598 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ........................ 598 
Spread Rate 1 Margin ...................................................... 598 
Spread Rate 2 ................................................................... 598 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ........................ 599 
Spread Rate 2 Margin ...................................................... 599 
Spread Rate 3 ................................................................... 599 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate ........................ 599 
Spread Rate 3 Margin ...................................................... 599 
Spread Reference Rate ..................................................... 599 
SRD Fallback Provisions ................................................. 565 
SRM Regulation ............................................................... 337 
SRO .................................................................................. 183 
SRO List ........................................................................... 519 
SRO Rules ........................................................................ 183 
SRR..................................................................................... 34 
Stabilisation Manager(s) .................................................... xx 
Standard Event Determination Date ................................ 519 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date ....................................... 520 
Standard Reference Obligation ................................ 183, 520 
Standard Specified Currency ........................................... 520 
Steps Plan ......................................................................... 520

--- Page 918 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
918 
 
 
Sterling ................................................................................ xx 
Stockholm Banking Day .................................................. 313 
STR ..................................................................................... 48 
sub unit.............................................................................. 339 
Subordinated Obligation .................................................. 520 
Subordinated Reference Entity ........................................ 520 
Subordination ................................................................... 494 
Subsidiary ......................................................................... 329 
Substitute .......................................................................... 330 
Substitute Index Level .............................................. 342, 343 
Substitute or Successor Rate Event .................................. 634 
Substitute Reference Obligation ...................................... 521 
Substitution Date .............................................................. 521 
Substitution Event ............................................................ 521 
Substitution Event Date .................................................... 521 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount ......................... 521 
succeeded .......................................................................... 522 
succession ......................................................................... 522 
Succession Date ................................................................ 523 
Successor .................................................... 66, 182, 521, 523 
Successor Backstop Date ................................................. 522 
successor corporation ....................................................... 329 
Successor Currency .................................................. 539, 544 
Successor Index ................................................................ 344 
Successor Notice .............................................................. 523 
Successor Rate .................................................................. 349 
Successor Reference Entity .............................................. 531 
Successor Resolution Request Date ................................. 523 
SUGEVAL ....................................................................... 215 
Sum ................................................................................... 612 
Supplement [No. []] ....................................................... 776 
Supplement [No.[]] ........................................................ 639 
Supplement [to the Base Listing Particulars] [No. [
]] ........................................................................................ 777 
Supplement [to the Base Prospectus] [No. []] ............... 640 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] 
[No. []] ............................................................................ 777 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] [No. [
]] ........................................................................................ 640 
Supplement No. [] .......................................... 640, 776, 777 
Supplement No.[] ........................................................... 639 
Supplements ............................................................. 639, 776 
Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars ................... 777 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus................................ 640 
Supplements to the Current Base Listing Particulars ...... 777 
Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus .................. 640 
Surviving Reference Entity Count ................................... 444 
Swap Rate ........................................................................... 57 
Swap Rates ......................................................................... 57 
Swedish Agency Agreement ............................................ 297 
Swedish CSD Rules ......................................................... 296 
Swedish Notes ................................................................... viii 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent................. 297 
Swedish Securities Register ..................................... 196, 298 
Switcher Option ............................................................... 616 
Synthetic Forward Interest Rate ...................................... 603 
Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions......................... 558 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes ......................................... 603 
TAI ................................................................................... 612 
TARGET .......................................................................... 338 
TARGET Business Day ................................................... 339 
TARGET Settlement Day ................................................ 523 
TARGET2 System ........................................................... 339 
TARN MER Condition .................................................... 623 
taxable disposition ............................................................ 232 
Taxes................................................................................. 166 
Term SOFR ...................................................................... 631 
Terms and Conditions ...................................................... 295 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ....................................... 523 
TLAC........................................................ 143, 145, 637, 774 
Total Actual Interest ......................................................... 612 
Total Reserve Coupon ...................................................... 611 
Trade Date ........................................................................ 555 
Trading Suspension or Limitation ................................... 539 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation ............................... 523 
Tranche ..................................................................... 194, 296 
Tranche Size ..................................................................... 523 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ........................... 523 
Transaction Type .............................................................. 524

--- Page 919 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
919 
 
 
Transactions ....................................................................... xxi 
Transfer Agent .................................................................. 295 
Transferable ...................................................................... 473 
TRCn................................................................................. 611 
TRCn-1 ............................................................................. 611 
Treaty .......................................................................... xx, 334 
Trigger Percentage ........................................................... 525 
TUIR ................................................................................. 259 
U.K. ..................................................................................... 99 
U.S. ..................................................................................... 99 
U.S. dollars ......................................................................... xx 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day...... 338, 573, 585 
U.S. Issuer ......................................................................... 231 
U.S. person ....................................................................... 300 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime ...................................... 338 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ...................................... 32 
U.S.$ ................................................................................... xx 
U.S.C................................................................................. 338 
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior .................................... 560 
UCL Relevant Months Prior ............................................ 560 
UK ..................................................................................... 775 
UK CRA Regulation .................................xiv, 737, 738, 739 
UK MiFIR ........................................................................ 211 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ........................... xxiii 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................................................... xxiii 
UK Prospectus Regulation ......................................xxiii, 775 
UK Register ........................................................................ 47 
Ukraine Reference Entity ................................................. 525 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .............................. 631 
Unassignable Obligations ................................................. 431 
Undeliverable Assets ................................................ 437, 525 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation ............................. 432 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations............................ 525 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount ................ 525 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations ...................................... 430 
Undeliverable Obligations ............................................... 430 
Undeliverable Participations ............................................ 431 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation ........................ 432, 525 
Underlyers ........................................................................ 226 
Underlying .................................................................. vii, 555 
Underlying Closing Level ................ 342, 347, 537, 543, 555 
Underlying Level ............................................. 537, 543, 555 
Underlying Linked Notes ..................................................... v 
Underlying Obligation ..................................................... 525 
Underlying Obligor .......................................................... 525 
Underlying RMB Currency Event ................................... 525 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity ............................................ 525 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility ................................... 525 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability ............................ 526 
Underlying Schedule ................................................ 294, 555 
Underlying Schedules ...................................................... 294 
underlying securities ........................................................ 232 
Universal Successor ......................................... 182, 522, 526 
Unlimited Share ............................................................... 158 
Unlimited Shareholder ..................................................... 158 
Unscheduled Holiday ....................................................... 543 
Unwind Costs ................................................................... 526 
Upper Range ..................................................................... 588 
Upper Range 1 .................................................................. 588 
Upper Range 2 .................................................................. 588 
Upper Range 3 .................................................................. 588 
USBD ............................................................................... 573 
USBDx ............................................................................. 572 
USD .......................................................................... 540, 542 
USD Benchmark .............................................................. 631 
USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions ........................... 566 
USD Swap Rate................................................................ 585 
V% .................................................................................... 599 
Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day ................ 615 
Valuation and Settlement Condition ................................ 548 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions .............................. 548 
Valuation Date.................................................. 433, 526, 555 
Valuation Method..................................................... 433, 527 
Valuation Obligation ........................................................ 528 
Valuation Obligations ...................................................... 364 
Valuation Postponement .................................................. 543 
Valuation Roll .................................................................. 555 
Valuation Time ......................................... 347, 433, 528, 556

--- Page 920 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
920 
 
 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate ........................................... 600 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions ...................................... 558 
Volatility Bond Notes ....................................................... 600 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 ...................................................... 601 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate .......... 602 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin ......................................... 602 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 ...................................................... 602 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate .......... 602 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin ......................................... 602 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate ....................................... 602 
voting power ..................................................................... 329 
Voting Shares ................................................................... 528 
Weighted Average Final Price ......................................... 528 
White List ......................................................................... 262 
x................................................................................. 571, 605 
y......................................................................... 307, 571, 605 
Y1.............................................................................. 579, 580 
Y2.............................................................................. 579, 580 
Yen ...................................................................................... xx 
your currency ...................................................................... 40 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................... 307 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period...................................... 308 
Zero Coupon Determination Period ................................. 308 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions .......................................... 559 
Zero Coupon Notes .......................................................... 562

--- Page 921 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
SECTION I – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
399 Park Avenue 
New York 
New York 10022 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
399 Park Avenue 
New York 
New York 10022 
United States 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Registered Office: 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO CITIGROUP INC. AND CGMHI 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States

--- Page 922 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE 
AGENT AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
Allen & Overy 
Société en commandite  
simple (inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 923 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
390 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2002681334.14