--- Page 1 ---
Citi Warrant Programme Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2022 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of New York) 
 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) under 
Luxembourg law and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg under number 
B 169.199) 
each an issuer under the 
Citi Warrant Programme 
Warrants issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A 
only will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
Under the Citi Warrant Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus, each of (i) Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”) and (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“CGMFL”, and together with CGMHI, the 
“Issuers” and each, an “Issuer”) may from time to time issue warrants or certificates (and as used herein, the term the “Warrants” 
or the “Certificates” shall include each type of warrant and certificate issued under the Programme and the expressions 
Warrantholder(s) and Certificateholder(s) shall be construed accordingly). References herein to the “Issuer” shall be construed as 
whichever of CGMHI or CGMFL is the issuer or proposed issuer of the relevant Warrants. Any Warrants issued under the Programme 
on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are subject to the provisions herein.  
The payment and delivery of all amounts due in respect of Warrants issued by CGMFL will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”) (in such capacity, the “CGMFL Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee dated 11 May 2017 (such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the 
“CGMFL Deed of Guarantee”) executed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Warrants issued by CGMHI will not be guaranteed by any entity. 
Each Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor has a right of substitution as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out 
herein (the “Terms and Conditions” and, together with the applicable Issue Terms, the “Conditions”). 
Warrants may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup 
Global Markets Inc and/or any additional manager appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a 
“Manager”, and together the “Managers”) whose appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each 
issue of Warrants, the Manager(s) will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Warrants not initially sold by a Manager will be 
held by such Manager or an affiliate or affiliates of such Manager and may be retained or may be sold by such Manager or such 
affiliate or affiliates from time to time in such amounts and at such prices as such Manager or such affiliate or affiliates may determine. 
Offering prices will be at the discretion of the Manager(s). There is no obligation upon any Manager to sell all of the Warrants of any 
issue. Each Issuer reserves the right to sell Warrants directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Warrants in specified 
jurisdictions directly through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Warrants may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Manager(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Warrants may be issued whose return is linked to a specified index or a basket of indices (“Index 
Warrants”), a specified share or a basket of shares (“Share Warrants”), a specified depositary receipt or a basket of depositary 
receipts (“Depositary Receipt Warrants”), a specified exchange traded fund share or a basket of exchange traded fund shares

--- Page 2 ---
(“ETF Warrants”), a specified mutual fund interest or a basket of mutual fund interests (“Mutual Fund Warrants”), a specified debt 
instrument or a basket of debt instruments (“Debt Warrants”), a specified currency or a basket of currencies (“Currency Warrants”), 
a specified commodity or a basket of commodities (“Commodity Warrants”), a specified gilt or basket of gilts (“Gilt Warrants”), a 
specified proprietary index or a basket of proprietary indices (“Proprietary Index Warrants”), or a hypothetical credit default swap 
or index swaption (“Credit Warrants”), or a specified rate or basket of rates (“Rate Warrants”), or any combination thereof, as more 
fully described herein. 
Debt Warrants, Gilt Warrants, Proprietary Index Warrants and Credit Warrants may only be issued in the form of Exempt Warrants 
(as defined below). 
Each Warrant will entitle the holder thereof (the “Warrantholder”) (on exercise by the Warrantholder or automatic exercise, as 
applicable, and subject, where appropriate, to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership) to receive a cash amount (if any) 
calculated in accordance with the relevant terms, to receive physical delivery of the underlying assets against, if applicable, payment 
of a specified sum and/or, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, to receive payments of interest, all subject as set forth herein and in 
the Conditions. 
The Issuer may agree with any Manager that Warrants may be issued in a form not contemplated by the relevant Terms and 
Conditions set out herein, in which event, if the Issuer is CGMHI, a supplement to the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below) 
or, if the Issuer is CGMFL, a supplement to the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Warrants, will be made available. 
Each of the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
"Central Bank"), as competent authority (the "Competent Authority") under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (when used in this Base 
Prospectus, the "Prospectus Regulation") (as amended or superseded). The Central Bank only approves the Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Warrants that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Warrants.  
Such approval by the Competent Authority relates only to Warrants which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, there can be no assurance that such applications will be 
approved or that, if approved, any such approval will be given within a specified timeframe. Application will be made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Warrants issued during the period of twelve months after the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Euronext Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area by or with the 
consent of the Issuer for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the earlier of that date and the Warrants being admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to a competent authority of another Member State of the 
European Economic Area (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Warrants which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish 
a prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") only applies to Warrants 
which are to be admitted to trading on a UK regulated market in the United Kingdom and/or offered to the public in the United 
Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
(as amended, the "FSMA"). References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Warrants" are to Warrants for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Warrants. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) is either subject to a Final Terms document (the “Final Terms” and reference to the “applicable 
Final Terms” shall be construed accordingly) or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement” 
and references to the “applicable Pricing Supplement” shall be construed accordingly). As used herein, “Issue Terms” means 
either (i) where the Warrants are not Exempt Warrants, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Warrants being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Warrants are intended 
to be (i) admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on the Euronext Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or (ii) admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Warrants may be listed 
and admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or listed and admitted to trading on any other regulated market

--- Page 3 ---
for the purposes of MiFID II, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Manager. As specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, an issue of Exempt Warrants may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on a stock exchange or market 
which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on any 
stock exchange or market, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Manager. 
In addition, application has been made to (i) Euronext Dublin and (ii) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars (the “CGMHI Base Listing Particulars” and the 
“CGMFL Base Listing Particulars”, respectively, and together, the “Base Listing Particulars”). Application has been made to  
(i) 
Euronext Dublin for Warrants issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted 
to the Euronext Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market (the “Global Exchange Market”) which is 
the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II.  
(ii) 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing 
Particulars to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF market (the “Euro MTF”) and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The 
Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Pursuant to Article 206 (Supplements) of Part 2 of the Rules and 
Regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, every significant new factor relating to the information contained in 
the Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Warrants and arises after the date hereof, 
shall be covered by a supplement to this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for 
the purpose of Part IV of the Luxembourg law dated July 16, 2019 on Prospectus for Securities. An electronic copy 
of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.  
Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Warrants are to be admitted to trading on the Global 
Exchange Market, the Euro MTF or are otherwise Warrants for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (such Warrants are "Exempt Warrants"), references herein to "Base Prospectus", 
"CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "CGMFL Base Prospectus" shall be construed to be to "Base Listing Particulars", "CGMHI Base 
Listing Particulars" and "CGMFL Base Listing Particulars", respectively. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange assumes no responsibility on the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed 
or reports contained in this Base Prospectus. Admission to trading on the Euro MTF and listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is not to be taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuers or the Warrants. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical may be ascribed to them under the applicable norm. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Warrants 
and is not itself seeking admission of the Warrants to the Euronext Official List or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Luxembourg listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the 
Warrants and is not itself seeking admission of the Warrants to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or to trading on 
the Euro MTF or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Warrants to which it relates, inter alia, the specific designation of the 
Warrants, the aggregate number and type of the Warrants, the date of issue of the Warrants, the issue price, the exercise price (if 
applicable), the underlying asset, index or other item(s) to which the Warrants relate (the “Underlying(s)”), the exercise period or 
date, whether automatic exercise applies to the Warrants, whether the Warrants may be terminated early following an Early 
Termination Event (as described herein) and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of the Warrants. The Issue Terms 
relating to an issue of Warrants will be attached to the Global Warrant(s) or each Definitive Warrant, as the case may be (in each 
case, as defined in the Conditions), representing such Warrants. In respect of Warrants to be listed on Euronext Dublin or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
as the case may be, on or before the date of issue of the Warrants of that Tranche.  
Each issue of Warrants will be of a specialist nature and should only be bought and traded by investors who are particularly 
knowledgeable in investment matters. Prospective purchasers of Warrants should ensure that they understand the nature 
of the relevant Warrants and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant 
Warrants as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the responsibility of 
prospective purchasers to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their 
own legal, financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the relevant 
Warrants and are not relying on the advice of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Manager in such regard. Warrants

--- Page 4 ---
may involve a high degree of risk and potential investors may sustain a loss of all or part of their investment in the Warrants. 
See “Risk Factors” set out herein. 
Except in the case of Rule 144A Global Warrants, Regulation S Global Warrants, Combined Global Warrants and Private Placement 
Definitive Warrants as described below, Warrants will be sold exclusively outside the United States to Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers 
(as defined herein) and will be represented by a permanent global warrant (a “Permanent Global Warrant”) which will be deposited 
with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(“Euroclear”) on the date of issue of the relevant Warrants. CGMFL will only issue Permanent Global Warrants. “Permitted Non-
U.S. Purchaser” means a person who (i) is not a “U.S. person” (as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) 
is both (A) a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined under United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
“CFTC”) Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the “CEA”), but excluding, for the 
purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States persons” and (B) a 
“foreign located person” as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a “U.S. Person” or a “Significant Risk Subsidiary”, and does 
not benefit from a “Guarantee”, in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA (in each case as such 
rules  may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded), and (iv) is not a “U.S. Person” as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under 
the Exchange Act as defined herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser is acquiring the Warrants is doing so for the account or 
benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. 
In the event that an issue of Warrants is eligible for sale (or secondary transfer to Regulation S U.S. Persons) in the United States 
or otherwise to (i) pursuant to Rule 144A to QIBs (each as defined below), any such Warrants sold in the United States will be 
represented by a global warrant which will be deposited either: (1) with Citibank Europe plc, as the New York Warrant Agent as 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or (2) with a common depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear (each a “Rule 144A Global Warrant”), or (ii) under the exemption provided 
by Section 4(2), any such Warrants sold to IAIs (as defined below) in the United States will be issued and registered in definitive 
form (each a “Private Placement Definitive Warrant”) and (iii) in either case, any such Warrants sold outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S U.S. Persons”)) will be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Warrant (each a “Regulation S Global Warrant”) deposited with a common depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  Warrants eligible for sale in the United States to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States may be represented by a global warrant which will be deposited with a common depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear (each a “Combined Global Warrant”). Unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Rule 144A Global Warrants, Private Placement Definitive Warrants, Regulation S Global Warrants and 
Combined Global Warrants, and any Permanent Global Warrants issued by CGMHI, will only be issued in relation to equity linked 
Warrants. Except as otherwise specified herein, definitive Warrants will not be issued. 
Warrants governed by German law (“German Law Warrants”) will only be issued as Permanent Global Warrants.  
The Warrants and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. Warrants may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of persons other 
than Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers, except, in the case of Warrants issued by CGMHI, in the limited circumstances described 
herein with respect to Rule 144A Global Warrants, Regulation S Global Warrants, Combined Global Warrants and Private Placement 
Definitive Warrants. CGMHI may offer and sell Rule 144A Global Warrants of certain issues within the United States in reliance on 
the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (“Rule 144A”) to persons reasonably 
believed by CGMHI to be qualified institutional buyers (each a “QIB”) as defined in Rule 144A.  CGMHI may also arrange for the 
offer and sale of certain issues of Private Placement Definitive Warrants within the United States to persons reasonably believed to 
be institutional accredited investors (each an “IAI”) (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) in reliance 
upon the exemption provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act (“Section 4(2)”). Warrants issued by CGMFL, which are 
guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor, will not be offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of persons 
other than Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers. Each purchaser of Warrants being offered within the United States is hereby notified that 
the offer and sale of such Warrants is being made in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and one or more exceptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. In certain circumstances, exercise of Warrants 
will be conditional upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. See “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”. 
The Warrants, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and any Entitlements do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved 
by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA. 
The Warrants may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and holding of the Warrants is 
made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of

--- Page 5 ---
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
The Warrants have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the CFTC or any 
other securities or commodities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities 
approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States. 
Warrants sold in the United States will, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be sold through Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc., a registered broker dealer. 
Each Warrantholder of Warrants issued by CGMFL (“CGMFL Warrants”) (including each holder of a beneficial interest in such 
CGMFL Warrants) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding any other term of the CGMFL Warrants or any 
other agreements, arrangements or understandings between CGMFL and such Warrantholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL 
Warrants, to be bound by the exercise of, any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority. See Condition 23 and also the risk 
factor "Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority in respect of Warrants issued by 
CGMFL”. 
Amounts payable under the Warrants may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). A statement 
will be included in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants (as defined herein) as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of any relevant “benchmark” is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
The Warrants and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional liabilities of their respective issuers. None of the Warrants 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”). 
Arranger of the Programme 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Managers 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMFL Base Prospectus) comprises a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Warrants issued by CGMHI and for the 
purpose of giving necessary information with regard to CGMHI and the Warrants which, according 
to the particular nature and circumstances of CGMHI and type of Warrants, is material to 
prospective purchasers for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of CGMHI, the rights attaching to the Warrants and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on CGMHI. This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus) does not constitute a "base prospectus" for the purposes of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus) comprises a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Warrants issued by CGMFL and for the 
purpose of giving necessary information with regard to CGMFL and the Warrants which, according 
to the particular nature and circumstances of CGMFL and type of Warrants, is material to 
prospective purchasers for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of CGMFL, the rights attaching to the Warrants and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on CGMFL. This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus) does not constitute a "base prospectus" for the purposes of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A/A-1 by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services 
LLC (“S&P”), A2/P-1 by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s”) and A+/F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited 
(“Fitch”).1  
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P and A+/F1 by Fitch, and a long 
term senior debt rating of A1 by Moody’s.2  
 
1 
“A” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A-1” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-1” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com).  
 
“A2” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking 
(source: www.moodys.com).  
 
“P-1” by Moody’s: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated “Prime-1” have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: www.moodys.com). 
 
“A+” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘–’ may be appended to 
a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com).  
 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).  
2 
“A+” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating 
category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A-1” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-1” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A+” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘–’ may be appended to 
a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
 
“A1” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody’s and A+/F1 by 
Fitch.3 
The rating of a certain Tranche of Warrants may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
S&P is not established in the European Union (the “EU”) and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the “CRA Regulation”). The S&P ratings 
have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“SPGRE”). SPGRE is established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, SPGRE is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United 
States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the EU by the relevant market 
participants.  
Moody’s is not established in the EU and is not registered under the CRA Regulation. The Moody’s ratings 
have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Services Ltd. which is not established in the EU. Following the 
end of the transition period of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, which occurred on 31 December 2020, 
Moody’s Investors Services Ltd. is no longer registered under the CRA Regulation as it no longer meets 
the conditions under which it was registered, including being a legal person established in the EU. The 
ratings issued by such credit rating agency cannot be used for regulatory purposes in the EU unless 
endorsed by an EU credit rating agency. Various UK-based credit rating agencies including Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. continue to take steps to ensure that an EU credit rating agency will be willing and 
able to endorse its credit ratings. 
Fitch is not established in the EU and is not registered under the CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited which is not established in the EU. Following the end of the 
transition period of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, which occurred on 31 December 2020, ESMA has 
withdrawn the registration of Fitch Ratings Limited under the CRA Regulation as it no longer meets the 
conditions under which it was registered, including being a legal person established in the EU. The ratings 
issued by such credit rating agency cannot be used for regulatory purposes in the EU unless endorsed by 
an EU credit rating agency. Various UK-based CRAs including Fitch Ratings Limited continue to take steps 
to ensure that an EU credit rating agency will be willing and able to endorse its credit ratings. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Warrants will be issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Warrants and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional liabilities of the respective 
issuers. None of the Warrants nor the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) or any other deposit protection insurance scheme. 
 
3 
“A+” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating 
category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A-1” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-1” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A1” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
 
“P-1” by Moody’s: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated “Prime-1” have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: www.moodys.com). 
 
“A+” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘–’ may be appended to 
a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus and (ii) the 
Issue Terms for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Warrants. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of CGMHI, the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus and (ii) the 
Issue Terms for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Warrants. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of CGMFL, the information contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading “Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.” and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the 
Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche of Warrants. The CGMFL Guarantor does not 
take responsibility for the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, 
the information contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the 
heading “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.” is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any information contained therein 
relating to the Underlying(s) will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, and will be based solely 
on, information contained in financial and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in relation to Exempt Warrants and a Pricing Supplement only, the Issuer and the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such 
information and, as far as the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) is/are aware 
and is/are able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may 
be, of such Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the three paragraphs 
immediately above. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt 
Warrants, information relating to the past and further performance and volatility of the Underlying(s) is 
available from the applicable Electronic Page and/or, as the case may be, the Exchange specified for such 
Underlying in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
information relating to any Reference Entity in respect of Credit Warrants is available from internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and the web-site of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by 
reference therein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus”). The 
CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by 
reference therein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus”). The 
CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the “CGMHI Base Prospectus”) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of:

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
(a) the information in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus” and all information incorporated therein by reference thereby; 
(b) the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.”;  
(c) 
the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited”; 
(d) the information in the section entitled “Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor)”; and 
(e) the information in the section entitled “CGMFL All Monies Guarantee”. 
The CGMFL base prospectus (the “CGMFL Base Prospectus”) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) the information in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus” and all information incorporated therein by reference thereby; and 
(b) the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.”. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF WARRANTS GENERALLY 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Warrants and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any of the Managers. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer and/or, where applicable, the CGMFL 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of any Issuer 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Warrants in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants may 
be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuers, the CGMFL Guarantor and any 
Manager represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Warrants may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the 
contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by CGMHI, CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor or the Managers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Warrants or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Warrants may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Warrants may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Warrants. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Australia, the People’s Republic of Bangladesh, 
the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Republic of India, 
Republic of Indonesia, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Malaysia, the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, 
The Philippines, the Republic of Singapore, Saudi Arabia, the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri 
Lanka, Taiwan, the Kingdom of Thailand and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. See “Subscription, 
sale and transfer and selling restrictions”. None of the Issuers, the CGMFL Guarantor and any 
Manager makes any representation to any investor in any Warrants regarding the legality of its 
investment under any applicable laws. 
The Warrants may only be offered to the public in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the Warrants. The Warrants may only be offered to the public in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the UK 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus for offers of the Warrants. 
The Warrants create options which are either exercisable by the relevant holder and/or which will 
be automatically exercised as provided herein. Except for the payment of interest (if any) in relation 
to Fixed Rate Warrants on any Interest Payment Date, in accordance with the Conditions, prior to 
the Settlement Date, there is no obligation upon the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) to pay any amount or deliver any asset to any holder of a Warrant unless the 
relevant holder duly exercises such Warrant and an Exercise Notice (as defined herein) is duly 
delivered or such Warrants are automatically exercised. The Warrants will be exercised or will be 
exercisable in the manner set forth herein and in the applicable Issue Terms. Upon exercise, in 
order to receive payment of any amount or delivery of any asset due under a Warrant, including, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, any accrued but unpaid interest, the Warrantholder may be

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
required to certify (in accordance with the provisions outlined in “Subscription, sale and transfer 
and selling restrictions” below) that it is neither a U.S. person nor a person who has purchased 
such Warrant for resale to U.S. persons and that it is not exercising such Warrant on behalf of a 
U.S. person. Upon Early Termination of a Warrant following an Early Termination Event, in order to 
receive payment of any amount or delivery of any asset due under a Warrant, including, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Warrants, any accrued but unpaid interest, the Warrantholder may be required to 
certify that it is neither a U.S. person nor a person who has purchased such Warrant for resale to 
U.S. persons. Upon transfer or exchange of a Warrant, the Warrantholder may, in certain 
circumstances, be required to certify that the transfer or exchange, as the case may be, is being 
made to a person whom the transferor or exchange or reasonably believes is not a U.S. person or 
is a QIB or is an IAI, as applicable, who acquired the right to such transfer or exchange in a 
transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The proposed 
transferee may also be required to deliver an investor representation letter as a condition precedent 
to such proposed transfer or exchange. 
The Issuer shall have complete discretion as to what type of Warrants it issues and when. The price 
and amount of securities (including any Warrants) to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Manager at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
For convenience, the website addresses of the Issuers and of certain third parties have been 
provided in this Base Prospectus. Unless incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, no 
information in such websites should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base 
Prospectus and none of the Issuers, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Manager takes responsibility 
for the information contained in such websites. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus or in any Programme document, 
all persons may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the United States 
federal, state and local tax treatment of the Warrants, any fact relevant to understanding the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the Warrants and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) relating to such United States federal, state and local tax treatment 
other than the names of the parties or any other person named herein, or information that would 
permit identification of the parties or other non-public business or financial information that is 
unrelated to the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the Warrants to the taxpayer 
and is not relevant to understanding the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the 
Warrants to the taxpayer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, any offer of Warrants in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Warrants. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Warrants which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Issue Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Warrants may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for any 
Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuers, the CGMFL Guarantor and 
any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for any Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Manager 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, any offer of Warrants in United 
Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation or section 
85 of the FSMA from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Warrants. Accordingly

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
any person making or intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of Warrants which are the 
subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Issue Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Warrants may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for any Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuers, the CGMFL 
Guarantor and any Manager have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Warrants in circumstances in which an obligation arises for any Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or 
any Manager to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with any issue of Warrants or otherwise, each Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries 
may acquire and/or maintain positions in the Underlying(s) relating to such Warrants but neither 
the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries will have any obligation to acquire or maintain any such 
position. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Warrants, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, acting in its capacity as the manufacturer (for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) and its related 
regulations) has prepared the following Target Market Assessment and Distribution Strategy: 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/MiFID-II-Target-Market-Disclosure-Notice.pdf.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution strategy; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II or UK MiFIR, as applicable, is responsible for (i) 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer's target market assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to U.S.$, $, U.S.D and U.S. Dollars refer to United States dollars. 
In addition, all references to Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling, references to Renminbi, RMB 
and CNY are to the currency of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) and references to euro, EUR 
and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may 
vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of 
the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The Warrants, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and any Entitlement do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or option thereon) subject 
to the CEA, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants, all Warrants issued 
or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
DISCLAIMERS 
No Manager has separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
any Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL). No 
Manager accepts liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No 
Manager (in the case of CGML, in its capacity as Manager) undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of any Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor during the life of any Warrants nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in any Warrants of any information coming to the attention of any of the Managers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Warrants are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of those 
things, by any Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Warrants should purchase any Warrants. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the 
CGMFL Guarantor or any Manager or any other person to subscribe for or to purchase any Warrants.  
Warrants are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Warrants which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Warrants will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Warrants and the impact such 
an investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Each potential purchaser of 
any Warrants should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should be experienced with respect to options and option transactions, 
should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Warrants and should reach an 
investment decision only after careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Warrants 
in light of their own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the 
merits and risks of investing in Warrants and the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in Warrants and the impact any such Warrants will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in Warrants, 
including Warrants with amounts payable on exercise in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for any such payment is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
In addition, an investment in Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF 
Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants, Debt Warrants, Currency Warrants, Commodity Warrants, Gilt Warrants, 
Proprietary Index Warrants, Rate Warrants or other Warrants linked to other assets or bases of reference, 
may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt or 
equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in “Risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Warrants”.  
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and, where CGMFL 
is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor becoming unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the 
Issuer and, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors 
and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s and, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor’s 
control. The factors discussed in “Risk Factors” should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive 
statement of all potential risks and uncertainties CGMHI’s, CGMFL’s and the CGMFL Guarantor’s, 
businesses face. Each of CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks 
relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may be additional risks that CGMHI, CGMFL 
and the CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and 
any of these risks could have the effects set forth in “Risk Factors”. Investors should review, inter alia, the 
documents incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Warrants. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MUST REVIEW THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS TO ASCERTAIN 
WHAT THE RELEVANT UNDERLYING(S) ARE AND HOW ANY UNDERLYING HEDGING 
ARRANGEMENTS ARE RELEVANT, IN EACH CASE, IN ORDER TO SEE HOW ANY AMOUNTS 
PAYABLE AND/OR DELIVERABLE, AS THE CASE MAY BE, ARE DETERMINED AND WHEN ANY 
SUCH AMOUNTS ARE PAYABLE AND/OR DELIVERABLE, BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION TO 
PURCHASE ANY WARRANTS. WARRANTS MAY HAVE NO GUARANTEED RETURN AND MAY 
EXPIRE WORTHLESS. 
Before exercising or selling Warrants, Warrantholders should carefully consider, among other things, (i) 
the trading price of the Warrants, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the time remaining to 
expiration, (iv) in the case of cash settled Warrants, the probable range of any one or more Cash 
Settlement Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any 
change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s), (viii) 
any related transaction costs and (ix) the likelihood of the occurrence of any Early Termination Event (if 
applicable). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of regulatory requirements and 
market practice is continuing to evolve. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make 
their own assessment about the potential risks in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Warrants, including, without limitation, Warrants that may be categorised as QFCs or subject to any 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Warrants potentially subject to Section 871(m) or 
any other U.S. federal tax or Warrants linked to or referencing a “benchmark” and subject to the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such 
events and the potential application of Section 871(m) to a particular Warrant. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, or the Group (as defined 
below) is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
CGMHI has undertaken in the Warrant Agreement (as defined below) to furnish, upon the request 
of a holder of any Warrants offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A (or permitted to be transferred 
on reliance of Rule 144A) or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by him the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under 
the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, it is neither a reporting company under Section 13 
or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt 
from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Section A — RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................... 18 
Section B – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................. 73 
Section B.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE 
PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................................................. 74 
Section B.2 — DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE 
PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................................................. 82 
Section B.3 — DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ............................................................... 91 
Section B.4 — SUPPLEMENTS ............................................................................................................... 93 
Section C — INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR ........... 94 
Section C.1 — DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. ......................... 95 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS 
INC. ................................................................................................................................................. 100 
Section C.2 — DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A.
 ........................................................................................................................................................ 103 
Section C.3 — DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ................................... 112 
Section C.4 — ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ............................................................. 116 
Section C.5 — CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE ............................................................................. 118 
Section D — GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE WARRANTS123 
Section D.1 — GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................... 124 
Section D.2 — GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF WARRANTS UNDER THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 125 
Section D.3 — ISSUE OF WARRANTS .................................................................................................. 127 
Section D.4 — BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................... 128 
Section D.5 — CERTAIN BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR CONSIDERATIONS ......................................... 132 
Section D.6 — SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................ 133 
Section D.7 — TAXATION OF WARRANTS .......................................................................................... 160 
Section D.8 — NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF WARRANTS AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS ............................................................................................................................. 196 
Section D.9 - INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO BENCHMARK REFORM AND THE 
DISCONTINUANCE AND REPLACEMENT OF "IBORS" .............................................................. 210 
SECTION E — TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS ....................................................... 215 
SECTION E.1 — GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS .............................. 216 
SECTION E.2 — GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN LAW WARRANTS .............................. 284

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
SECTION E.3 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1  INDEX CONDITIONS .................................................. 333 
SECTION E.4 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2  SHARE CONDITIONS ................................................. 349 
SECTION E.5 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3  DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ..................... 362 
SECTION E.6 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4  ETF CONDITIONS ...................................................... 376 
SECTION E.7 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5  MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS ................................... 389 
SECTION E.8 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 COMMODITY CONDITIONS ........................................ 402 
SECTION E.9 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7  DEBT SECURITIES CONDITIONS ............................. 412 
SECTION E.10 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8  CURRENCY CONDITIONS ....................................... 417 
SECTION E.11 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 GILT CONDITIONS .................................................... 419 
SECTION E.12 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS .................... 422 
SECTION E.13 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 CREDIT WARRANTS CONDITIONS ....................... 432 
SECTION E.14 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 RATE CONDITIONS ................................................ 442 
SECTION E.15 – MULTI-UNDERLYING ANNEX ................................................................................... 448 
SECTION E.16 – SETTLEMENT ON EXERCISE SCHEDULE .............................................................. 471 
SECTION E.17 – PARTICIPATION CONDITIONS ANNEX ................................................................... 481 
SECTION E.18 – APAC COMPLIANCE ANNEX .................................................................................... 510 
SECTION E.19 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................... 526 
SECTION E.20 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................... 556 
[Annex II] [Form of Notional Index CDs Transaction ............................................................................... 611 
[Annex III] [Form of Notional Index Swaption Transaction ...................................................................... 615 
Annex [IV] [Form of Trigger Notice in respect of a [Credit Event/Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium/Movement Option] ................................................................................... 618 
Section F — NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................................. 620

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Section A — RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Warrants, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and, where CGMFL is the Issuer, 
the CGMFL Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to satisfy their obligations in 
respect of the Warrants. The Issuer and, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor have 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their 
businesses and ability to make payments due under, or to deliver assets on or in connection with, 
the Warrants. 
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Warrants and, 
as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Warrants issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
Prospective investors must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and any documents incorporated by reference herein and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Terms and expressions defined in the Conditions shall, save where the context otherwise requires, have 
the same meaning when used in this section. 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Warrants  
A wide range of Warrants may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Warrants may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common features. See also the final sub-section of “Risk Factors” in relation to a description of certain 
features of Call Warrants, Put Warrants, Call Spread Warrants, Put Spread Warrants and Delta One 
Warrants, including an explanation of how the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) affects the value 
of an investment in the Warrants and associated risks. 
a. Warrants are Unsecured Obligations 
All Warrants will represent general contractual obligations of the Issuer and of no other person. No 
Warrants will be secured by any property of the Issuer and all Warrants will rank equally among themselves 
and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Holders of Warrants will not 
have any recourse to any secured assets of the Issuer in the event that the Issuer is unable to meet its 
obligations under the Warrants, including e.g. in the event of an Issuer insolvency, and therefore risk losing 
their entire investment. 
b. Risks relating to Underlying(s) 
An investment in Warrants, the payments and/or deliveries in respect of which is/are determined by 
reference to one or more values of indices, shares, depositary receipts, ETF shares, fund interests, debt 
securities, currencies, commodities, gilts, rates or other underlying assets (the “Underlyings”), either 
directly or inversely, or which may be exercisable for or payable in certain assets may entail significant 
risks. The risks of a particular Warrant will depend on the terms of such Warrant, but may include, without 
limitation, the possibility of significant changes in the prices of the relevant Underlyings. Such risks 
generally depend on factors over which the Issuer has no control, and which cannot readily be foreseen, 
such as economic and political events and the supply of and demand for the relevant Underlyings. In recent 
years, currency exchange rates and prices for various Underlyings have been highly volatile, and such 
volatility may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in any such rates or prices that have occurred in the 
past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Warrant.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Additionally, certain Warrants, as well as the payments and/or deliveries in respect thereof being linked to 
one or more Underlyings, may also have the payments and/or deliveries in respect thereof linked to the 
underlying hedging arrangements of the Issuer, any of its Affiliates and/or any third parties with whom the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has entered into hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant 
Warrants.  
These factors may affect how any amounts payable and/or deliverable are determined and when any such 
amounts are payable and/or deliverable, how the Warrants will perform under changing conditions, the 
value of the Warrants and the impact such an investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
The Warrants involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value and political risks. Prospective purchasers of Warrants should recognise that their 
Warrants, other than any Warrants having a minimum expiration value, may expire worthless. Purchasers 
should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Warrants, except, if so indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent of any minimum expiration value attributable to such Warrants. 
This risk reflects the nature of a Warrant as an asset which, other factors held constant, tends to decline 
in value over time and which may become worthless when it expires (except to the extent of any minimum 
expiration value). See “Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Warrants” below.  
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Warrant upon exercise or expiration means 
that, in order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Warrant must 
generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the 
relevant Underlyings(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Warrant is “out-of-the-
money” and the shorter its remaining term to expiration, the greater the risk that purchasers of such 
Warrants will lose all or part of their investment. With respect to European Style Warrants, the only means 
through which a Warrantholder can realise value from the Warrant prior to the Exercise Date in relation to 
such Warrant is to sell it at its then market price in an available secondary market. With respect to Multiple 
Exercise Warrants, apart from the payment of any Cash Settlement Amount following one of the exercises 
of such Warrants, the only means through which a Warrantholder can realise value from the Warrant (apart 
from the periodic exercise of such Warrant and, in respect of Fixed Rate Warrants, the receipt of interest 
payments) is to sell it at its then market price in an available secondary market. See “Possible Illiquidity of 
the Warrants in the Secondary Market” below. 
Fluctuations in the value or the yield (if applicable) or the relevant rates of exchange (if applicable) of the 
relevant Underlyings(s) will affect the value of the relevant Warrants. Also, in relation to Debt Warrants, 
due to the character of the particular market on which a debt instrument is traded, the absence of last sale 
information and the limited availability of quotations for the relevant debt instrument may make it difficult 
for many investors to obtain timely, accurate data for the price or yield of such debt instrument. Purchasers 
of Warrants risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) does not move in 
the anticipated direction. 
c. Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Warrants 
The aggregate Cash Settlement Amount(s) to be paid (the “Cash Settlement Value”) (in the case of cash 
settled Warrants) or the value of the Entitlements to be delivered or, if applicable, the aggregate difference 
in the value of the Entitlements to be delivered and the Exercise Price (either such value, the “Physical 
Settlement Value”) (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) at any time prior to expiration is typically 
expected to be less than the trading price of such Warrants at that time. The difference between the trading 
price and the Cash Settlement Value or the Physical Settlement Value, as the case may be, will reflect, 
among other things, the “time value” of the Warrants and the likelihood of the occurrence of any Early 
Termination Event (if applicable). The “time value” of the Warrants will depend partly upon the length of

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value of the Underlying(s). Warrants 
offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard 
to interim value. The interim value of the Warrants varies as the price or level of the Underlying(s) varies, 
as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including those specified herein. 
d. Fixed Rate Warrants 
Investment in Fixed Rate Warrants involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Warrants, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Warrants. 
e. Limitations on Exercise 
Maximum Exercise Number 
If a Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will have the option 
to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on any date (other than on the final exercise date) to the 
maximum number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, in conjunction with such limitation, to limit 
the number of Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) 
on such date. In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on any date (other than the 
Expiration Date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of Warrants 
exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date all Warrants that such 
Warrantholder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of Warrants to be exercised on such date 
will be reduced until the total number of Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds such 
maximum, such Warrants being selected by the Issuer. Unless otherwise specified in the Conditions and/or 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise but not exercised on such date may be 
automatically exercised on the next date on which Warrants may be exercised, subject to the same daily 
maximum exercise limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
Minimum Exercise Number 
If a Minimum Exercise Number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Warrantholder must tender, 
or, in the case of automatic exercise, hold, the specified minimum number of Warrants at any one time in 
order to exercise on any Exercise Date and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if tendering or 
holding a number at any one time greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, such number must be an 
integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms in order to exercise. Thus, 
Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum number of Warrants or not having the requisite 
integral multiple will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction 
costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such Warrants incur the 
risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash Settlement 
Value (in the case of cash settled Warrants) or the Physical Settlement Value (in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
f. 
Certain Considerations Regarding Hedging 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Warrants to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in the particular Underlying(s) should recognise the complexities of utilising Warrants in this 
manner. For example, the value of the Warrants may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Warrants, there is no assurance that their 
value will correlate with movements of the Underlying(s). Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Issuer 
reserves the right to substitute assets for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets which comprise the 
Entitlement, and in such event, delivery of the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets is unlikely to correlate

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
to the market risk that the Warrants were intended to hedge. For these reasons, among others, it may not 
be possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any 
relevant Underlying. In addition, in certain cases, the ability of Warrantholders to use Warrants for hedging 
may be restricted by the provisions of the Securities Act. 
g. Time Lag after Exercise or Early Termination 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of any exercise or termination of 
cash settled Warrants, there may be a time lag between the Actual Exercise Date or the Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and the time the applicable Cash Settlement Amount (including, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued interest) relating to such exercise or the Early Termination Amount relating 
to such Early Termination Event, as the case may be, is determined. Any such delay will be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or the applicable Conditions. However, a delay in such determination could be 
significantly longer than anticipated, particularly in the case of either a delay in the exercise of Warrants 
arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation or the occurrence of a Disrupted Day or a Market 
Disruption Event (if applicable) or following the imposition of any exchange controls or other similar 
regulations affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the 
case of Currency Warrants or following the occurrence of a Realisation Disruption Event. Any such delay 
could decrease the relevant Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised or the Early 
Termination Amount relating to the relevant Early Termination Event from what it might otherwise have 
been and may result in such Cash Settlement Amount or Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, 
being zero. Warrantholders will not be compensated in respect of any such delay and it will not be possible 
to withdraw Exercise Notices in respect of Warrants which have been exercised. 
In relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, there will be a time lag between the Actual Exercise Date or the 
Early Termination Event, as the case may be, and the time the relevant Entitlement is delivered. Any such 
delay will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or the Conditions. However, a delay in delivery could 
be significantly longer, particularly in the case of either a delay in the exercise of Warrants arising from any 
daily maximum exercise limitation or upon due determination by the Calculation Agent that a Settlement 
Disruption Event occurred at any relevant time. The value of the assets comprising the relevant Entitlement 
could increase or decrease during this period and could result in the value of the relevant Entitlement being 
less than any applicable Exercise Price or possibly zero. Warrantholders will not be compensated in 
respect of any such delay and it will not be possible to withdraw Exercise Notices in respect of Warrants 
which have been exercised. 
h. Variation of Settlement 
If, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of any Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of any 
Actual Exercise Date relating to such Warrants, the Issuer may elect (1) not to pay the relevant 
Warrantholders the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, but to deliver or procure delivery of the relevant 
Entitlement or (2) not to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Warrantholders of the relevant 
Entitlement, but to make payment of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount. 
Exempt Warrants may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Pricing Supplement, allow 
Warrantholders to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, by such other method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The rights of a Warrantholder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer’s 
right to vary settlement if, in the case of Exempt Warrants, so indicated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and will be subject, in certain circumstances, to the Issuer’s right to substitute assets or to pay 
the Alternate Cash Amount (as defined below) in lieu of physical delivery in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Subject to, and as further detailed in the terms thereof, the Issuer and a Warrantholder may have certain 
options to vary settlement in relation to APAC Participation Certificates and APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates.  See also "APAC Participation Certificates" and "APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates" below. 
Issuer’s Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
If Warrants (other than Gilt Warrants) are Private Placement Definitive Warrants or are represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Warrant, a Regulation S Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant, the Issuer may, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, 
relating to an Actual Exercise Date or an Early Termination Event, as the case may be, comprises 
securities which are not freely tradeable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets relating to such Actual Exercise 
Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the 
relevant Entitlement or the relevant Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the 
relevant Warrantholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Warrantholders on the relevant 
Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, of the Alternate Cash Amount. 
In these circumstances, Warrantholders may receive assets which are different to, or cash instead of, the 
assets that it expected to receive. 
i. 
Determinations 
The terms of the Warrants confer on the Calculation Agent some discretion in making determinations and 
calculations in relation to, inter alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. Whilst the 
Calculation Agent will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion (except as otherwise specified 
in the terms and conditions or in the applicable Issue Terms), there can be no assurance that the exercise 
of any such discretion will not affect the value of the Warrants or the occurrence of a cancellation of the 
Warrants. 
j. 
Disrupted Days, Market Disruption Events, Adjustments and Realisation 
Disruption 
If an issue of Warrants includes provisions dealing with the postponement of a day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the level, price or amount of an Underlying due to the occurrence 
of (i) in relation to Warrants which are Share Warrants, Index Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF 
Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants, Commodity Warrants or Proprietary Index Warrants, a Disrupted Day or 
(ii) in relation to Warrants which other than Share Warrants, Index Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants, 
ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants, Commodity Warrants, Proprietary Index Warrants or Gilt Warrants, 
a Market Disruption Event such postponement or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the 
Conditions of any Warrants may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. 
Index Adjustment Events and Proprietary Index Adjustment Events: 
If, in relation to Index Warrants or Proprietary Index Warrants, an Index Adjustment Event or a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to either (A) determine the level of the relevant Index or Proprietary Index, 
as the case may be, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the relevant Index or 
Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the relevant change, failure or cancellation PROVIDED THAT, 
pursuant to the above, the Issuer shall not require the Calculation Agent to determine the relevant level on 
more than one consecutive day or (B) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Warrants as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the relevant event, which 
may include, the substitution of the Index or Proprietary Index with a replacement index or Proprietary 
Index and determine the adjustments, if any, to be made to account for such substitution or (ii) cancel the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Warrants, as more fully set out in the Conditions. Such adjustments to the Conditions of such Warrants 
may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. 
Adjustment Events: 
If an Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the event (including, but not limited to, a 
substitution of the relevant Underlying, if such substitution is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms or the issue of additional Warrants if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and determine the 
effective date of the adjustment, or (ii) cancel the Warrants. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (i) and (ii) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
Where the Underlying affected by the Adjustment Event is a Fund Interest in the case of Mutual Fund 
Warrants, any such adjustment may also include a ‘monetisation’ whereby the Calculation Agent will 
determine the value of such affected Fund Interest on a date selected by the Calculation Agent and shall 
make such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants so that the Warrants reference such value (and 
interest thereon) rather than such Fund Interest. 
Such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. 
The Issuer and/or its Affiliates may, but has no obligation to, enter into and/or maintain hedging 
arrangements to hedge its obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
Cancellation Event relating to Commodity Warrants: 
In relation to Commodity Warrants, if a Cancellation Event occurs, the Issuer shall, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, cancel the Warrants and pay an amount to each Warrantholder in 
respect of each Warrant as specified below. 
Realisation Disruption: 
If “Realisation Disruption” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the occurrence 
and/or continuation of any Realisation Disruption Event on or before the date on which the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Warrants have been discharged, the Issuer may either direct the Calculation 
Agent to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Warrants (including any payment 
or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular 
Realisation Disruption Event or cancel the Warrants. 
If the Warrants are cancelled as provided in the above paragraphs, the Issuer will pay to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant an amount equal to the fair market value of such Warrant (which 
may be determined by the Issuer by reference to the amounts (if any) received by it and/or any of its 
affiliates under any hedging arrangements) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent or such other amount 
as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Warrantholders may receive less in the event 
of cancellation of any Warrants than they would otherwise expect. 
Warrants relating to a Contract: 
If, in relation to Warrants relating to a Contract, the terms of the Contract are changed or modified by the 
applicable Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall make appropriate adjustments to the terms of

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
the Warrants to account for such change or modification. In the event that the relevant Contract never 
commences or is permanently discontinued, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Official Settlement 
Price by reference to the closing level of the relevant Index on the Expiry Date as more fully set out in the 
Conditions. Such adjustments to the Conditions of such Warrants may have an adverse effect on the value 
of such Warrants. 
Disruption of a component of a Citi proprietary index and determination of the level of such Citi proprietary 
index: 
The conditions and/or methodology of a Citi proprietary index will set out the frequency of publication of 
the level of the relevant Citi proprietary index. In the event that the level of any component included in a 
Citi proprietary index is not available for any reason, the index calculation agent of the Citi proprietary index 
may calculate the level of such Citi proprietary index for the relevant day by taking a value for the affected 
component from a different day or may delay the calculation of the level of the relevant Citi proprietary 
index. Investors should review the conditions and/or methodology of the relevant index to determine how 
the level of such Citi proprietary index is calculated. 
If “Component Valuation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the level of a Citi 
proprietary index has been published for a particular day, if such day is not a day on which valuations of a 
component are scheduled to be observed or is a disrupted day for a component of such Citi proprietary 
index (each, howsoever defined in the conditions and/or methodology of the relevant Citi proprietary index), 
then any level of such Citi proprietary index calculated and published by the relevant index calculation 
agent for such day may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent may itself 
calculate the level of such Citi proprietary index for such day in accordance with the then-current 
methodology of such Citi proprietary index but may do so by reference to the price, level or value of the 
components of such Citi proprietary index determined on subsequent days. This may result in a level of 
the Citi proprietary index for such day being calculated by the Calculation Agent which is different to the 
published level of the index and may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants. 
k. Substitution of Gilts 
Investors should note that, in relation to Gilt Warrants, the Calculation Agent may substitute for any Gilt 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement such other “gilt-edged securities” (within the meaning of the 
Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992) as it considers appropriate in its commercially reasonable 
discretion and the Issuer may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems 
appropriate to reflect such substitution. Such adjustments to the Conditions of such Warrants may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants.  
l. 
Settlement arrangements for Gilt Warrants 
In respect of Gilt Warrants which are to be settled by way of physical delivery, the relevant Gilts will be 
delivered on the relevant Settlement Date to a custody account agreed between the Issuer and the 
Warrantholder. Warrantholders will not be able to sell the relevant Gilts from that account until the tenth 
Business Day immediately following the relevant Settlement Date and will therefore bear the risk of 
fluctuations in the market value of such Gilts during the period from such Settlement Date until the tenth 
Business Day immediately following such Settlement Date. 
m. Settlement Disruption Event and Failure to Deliver 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on any date 
specified for the delivery of the relevant Entitlement, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement 
Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer in these

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
circumstances may select to deliver the relevant Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable 
manner as it may select or (in respect of Warrants other than Gilt Warrants) it may pay the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. 
In respect of Gilt Warrants, for so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of an Actual Exercise Date 
or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then the Issuer may elect to substitute the Gilts comprising the Entitlement. 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF 
Warrants or Mutual Fund Warrants “Failure to Deliver” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms and it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, 
some or all of the Relevant Assets or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, where such failure to deliver 
is due to illiquidity in the market for such Relevant Assets or Substitute Assets, the Issuer has the right to 
pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price in lieu of delivering some or all of such Relevant Assets or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, which are affected by such illiquidity. 
Subject as provided below, Physical Delivery Warrants which are either (i) exercised at the same time by 
the same Warrantholder or (ii) held by the same Warrantholder at the time of early termination following 
the occurrence of an Early Termination Event will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants. Such aggregate Entitlements will be rounded down 
to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, of the Substitute Asset(s)), in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that aggregation of Entitlements does not apply, the Entitlement in 
respect of each Warrant will be rounded up or down (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) to the 
nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset(s), (or, if applicable, of the Substitute Asset(s)), in such manner 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Fractions of the Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, of the Substitute Asset(s)), will not be delivered and 
no cash or other adjustment will be made in respect thereof except that if “Cash Adjustment” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall pay 
to the relevant Warrantholder a cash amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the value of such fraction. 
Consequently, Warrantholders may not receive the Entitlement, the Relevant Assets or the Substitute 
Assets that they expect to receive, may receive less than they would otherwise expect or may receive a 
cash amount instead.  
n. Early Termination 
If the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that Early Termination applies, Warrants may be terminated 
early by the Issuer following the occurrence of an Early Termination Event. Details of the Early Termination 
Event will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In these circumstances, Warrantholders may 
receive less than they would expect to receive on the Settlement Date. 
As further detailed in the terms thereof and under "APAC Participation Certificates" and "APAC Convertible 
Bond Participation Certificates" below, the Issuer has the option to terminate APAC Participation 
Certificates and the APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates early. 
o. Exercise Expenses and Taxes 
A Warrantholder shall pay all Exercise Expenses relating to Warrants held by such Warrantholder. This 
may have an adverse effect on the overall return on any Warrants.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Exercise Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants shall either be paid to the Issuer by the 
relevant Warrantholder or deducted by the Issuer from any cash amount owing to such Warrantholder and 
paid by the Issuer on behalf of the Warrantholder or paid by the Issuer on behalf of such Warrantholder by 
converting such amount of the Entitlement as necessary to pay the Exercise Expenses, as specified by 
the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice. If any Exercise Expenses are not so paid, the relevant 
Warrantholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer to convert and the Issuer may convert such amount 
of the Entitlement into cash sufficient to cover the Exercise Expenses in respect of the relevant Warrant 
from which the Issuer shall deduct such Exercise Expenses. 
Exercise Expenses include all Taxes and/or expenses including any depositary charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may or would be, or would have been incurred: 
(i) in connection with the exercise and/or termination of the Warrant and/or any payment or delivery in 
respect thereof and (ii) if “Hedging Taxes” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by the 
Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying related hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Warrant. Investors should refer to the definitions of Taxes and the terms and conditions of 
the Warrants to understand the nature and extent of amounts deductible as Exercise Expenses. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Warrant by any 
person and all payments and/or deliveries made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. Certain 
amounts in respect of taxes may be accounted for retrospectively such that a payment to the then-current 
Warrantholder may be subject to an amount in respect of taxes relating to a prior payment that was made 
in respect of the Warrants. 
2. Risks related to the particular Underlying 
a. Certain Considerations Associated with Warrants Relating to Shares (or 
Baskets of Shares) 
In the case of Warrants relating to shares, no issuer of such shares will have participated in the preparation 
of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Warrants and neither the Issuer nor any 
Manager will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from 
which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring 
prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the 
publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would 
affect the trading price of the share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares 
could affect the trading price of the share and therefore the trading price of the Warrants. 
Except as provided in the Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrantholders will not 
have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
relevant shares to which such Warrants relate. 
b. Certain Considerations Associated with Warrants Relating to Depositary 
Receipts (or Baskets of Depositary Receipts) 
In the case of Warrants relating to depositary receipts, no issuer of such depositary receipts or any 
underlying shares related to such depositary receipts will have participated in the preparation of the 
applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Warrants and neither the Issuer nor any Manager 
will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
concerning any such issuer of depositary receipts or such underlying shares contained in such Issue Terms 
or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance 
that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue 
Terms) that would affect the trading price of the depositary receipt or the underlying share will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such an issuer of such depositary receipts or underlying shares could 
affect the trading price of the depositary receipts and therefore the trading price of the Warrants. 
Except as provided in the Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrantholders will not 
have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
relevant depositary receipts to which such Warrants relate or any related underlying shares. 
c. Certain Considerations Associated with Warrants Relating to ETF Shares (or 
Baskets of ETF Shares) 
In the case of Warrants relating to ETF shares, no issuer of such ETF shares will have participated in the 
preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Warrants and neither the 
Issuer nor any Manager will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect 
to the information concerning any such issuer of ETF shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the 
documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all 
events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue 
Terms) that would affect the trading price of the ETF share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent 
disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning 
such an issuer of ETF shares could affect the trading price of the ETF share and therefore the trading price 
of the Warrants. 
Except as provided in the Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrantholders will not 
have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
relevant ETF shares to which such Warrants relate. 
d. Certain Considerations Associated with Warrants Relating to Mutual Funds (or 
Baskets of Mutual Funds) 
In the case of Warrants relating to mutual funds and the related fund interests, the relevant mutual fund 
administrator, adviser or manager will not have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue 
Terms or in establishing the terms of the Warrants and neither the Issuer nor any Manager will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any 
such mutual fund contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was 
extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue 
date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents 
described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the value of the fund interest 
will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure 
to disclose material future events concerning such a mutual fund could affect the value of the fund interest 
and therefore the trading price of the Warrants. 
Except as provided in the Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrantholders will not 
have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
relevant fund interests to which such Warrants relate.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Mutual funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity securities, 
commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, without limitation, 
futures and options. Mutual funds may be illiquid and may only be traded on an infrequent basis. Investors 
should review the applicable Issue Terms to ascertain the characteristics of any relevant fund interest. The 
trading strategies of mutual funds are often opaque. Mutual funds, as well as the markets and instruments 
in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory 
organisations or other supervisory authorities. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in mutual funds is generally considered to be risky. 
If the underlying mutual fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Warrants will fall, and may 
in certain circumstances be zero. 
The value of fund interests may be affected by the performance of the relevant fund service providers and 
in particular the relevant fund adviser. 
e. Dividends 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrantholders may be entitled to receive payments 
calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or other payments that would be received 
by a holder of the shares, depositary receipts, underlying shares, ETF shares or mutual funds, as the case 
may be. Warrantholders are not by virtue thereof the holders of the relevant shares, depositary receipts, 
underlying shares, ETF shares or fund interests, as the case may be, and do not have any right to receive 
any information exercise voting rights or receive dividends directly from the relevant share company, 
underlying share company, depositary, fund or mutual fund, as the case may be. 
If the applicable Issue Terms does not specify that payments will be calculated by reference to the amount 
of dividends, distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the shares, depositary 
receipts, underlying shares, ETF shares or mutual funds, as the case may be, the return on such Warrants 
will not reflect the dividends, distributions or other payments which would be paid to investors who have 
made a direct investment in the relevant shares, depositary receipts, underlying shares, ETF shares or 
fund interests, as the case may be. Accordingly, the return on the Warrants may be less than the return on 
a direct investment in such shares, depositary receipts, underlying shares, ETF shares or fund interests, 
as the case may be. 
f. 
Certain additional risk factors associated with Index Warrants relating to 
Commodity Indices and Commodity Warrants 
Investors should note that the movements in the price of any relevant commodities may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices 
and the timing of changes in the relevant price of a commodity or commodities may affect the actual yield 
of the Warrants, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the price or prices of the commodities, the greater the effect on yield of the Warrants. 
Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Commodity markets are influenced by, among other things, 
changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade 
programmes and policies designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic events, 
and changes in interest rates. Moreover, investments in futures and options contracts involve additional 
risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value of the contract 
and exposure can be nearly unlimited). A holder of a futures position may find such position becomes 
illiquid because certain commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures contract prices during a 
single day by regulations referred to as “daily price fluctuation limits” or “daily limits”. Under such daily 
limits, during a single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limits. Once the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
price of a contract for a particular future has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, 
positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders are willing to effect trades at or 
within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject it 
to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily 
limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation 
of unfavourable positions and subject an investor in a Warrant relating to commodities to such contract 
prices resulting in substantial losses. 
g. The type and rules of the Index (or Indices) to which the Warrants are linked 
may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Warrants 
Price Return and Total Return Indices 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Index may stipulate that dividends paid 
on its components are included in the calculation of the index level (a "total return" index) or are not 
included in the calculation of the index level (a "price return" index). 
Where Warrants are linked to a "price return" index, holders of the Warrants will not participate in dividends 
paid on the components comprising the Index. As a result, holders of Warrants linked to such Index would 
lose the benefit of any dividends paid by the components of the Index and such Warrants may not perform 
as well as a position where such holder had invested directly in such components or where they invested 
in a "total return" version of the Index, or in another product.  
In the case of Warrants linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a "net total return" 
index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) paid on its components are included 
in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a "net total return" index, dividends paid on its 
components may not be fully reinvested in the Index and accordingly, you may receive a lower return on 
Warrants linked to such Index than you would have received if you had invested in the components of such 
Index directly or in another product.  
Decrement Indices 
If the Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Index will be calculated by reinvesting net 
dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such Index) paid by its components and 
by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount (a "Synthetic Dividend"). The Synthetic Dividend 
may be defined as a percentage of the index level or as a fixed number of index points. Investors should 
note that any of the following factors, where applicable, could adversely affect the value of and return on 
Warrants linked to a "decrement" index: 
• 
An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that is used as 
a base index to calculate such Index since the latter is calculated without the deduction of 
a Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Index tracks the performance of a single 
component security, the Index will underperform a direct investment in such component 
security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component security 
without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price return" 
index if the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Index is less than the 
amount of the Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Index tracks the performance of 
a single component security, the Index will underperform a direct investment in such 
component security as such investment would benefit from dividends paid by the 
component security without the deduction of a Synthetic Dividend.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
• 
Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as opposed to 
a percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield (calculated as the ratio of the 
fixed index point decrement to the relevant decrement index level) will increase in a falling 
equities market as the Synthetic Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, the fixed 
deduction will have a greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant Index than 
if the Synthetic Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is even possible 
that in a steeply falling market scenario the index level could become negative, since the 
amount of decrement expressed in index points will not vary with the level of the decrement 
index. 
h. Risk related to the possible rolling mechanism of commodity futures contracts 
The yield on Warrants relating to commodities may not perfectly correlate to the trend in the price of the 
underlying commodities as the use of such future commodity contracts generally involves a rolling 
mechanism. This means that the commodity futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant settlement 
date under the relevant Warrants are replaced with future commodity contracts that have a later expiry 
date. Investors may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall in prices on such commodities. 
Moreover, investors should consider that the commodity futures contracts could have a trend which differs 
significantly from that of the commodity spot markets. The trend in the price of a commodity futures contract 
compared to the underlying commodity is closely linked to the present and future level of the production of 
the underlying commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly in the case of energy 
commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may not be considered an 
accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes the so-called “carrying costs” (such as, for 
example, warehouse costs, insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which also contribute 
toward the determination of the price of the commodity futures contracts. These factors which directly 
influence the commodities prices substantially explain the imperfect correlation between the commodity 
spot markets and the commodity futures contracts. 
i. 
Certain Additional Risk Factors Associated with Currency Warrants 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency (or one or more of the currencies in a basket of 
currencies) will affect the value of Currency Warrants. Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains 
or losses from the exercise or sale of Currency Warrants into their home currency may be affected by 
fluctuations in exchange rates between their home currency and the relevant currency (or one or more of 
the currencies in a basket of currencies). Currency values may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency (or one or more 
of the currencies in a basket of currencies), regardless of other market forces. Purchasers of Currency 
Warrants risk losing their entire investment if exchange rates of the relevant currency (or one or more of 
the currencies in a basket of currencies) do not move in the anticipated direction. 
If additional warrants or options relating to particular currencies or particular currency indices are 
subsequently issued, the supply of warrants and options relating to such currencies or currency indices, 
as applicable, in the market will increase, which could cause the price at which the Warrants and such 
other warrants and options traded in the secondary market to decline significantly. 
j. 
Certain Additional Risk Factors Associated with Proprietary Index Warrants 
Investors in Warrants relating to Citi proprietary indices should be familiar with investments in global capital 
markets and with indices generally. The level of a Citi proprietary index is generally based on the value of 
the components of that index, which may be securities, commodities, indices or other types of assets or 
any combination thereof, as described in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology and, as such,

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
investors in Warrants relating to Citi proprietary indices should also read the sub-sections set out in this 
risk factors section which relate to Warrants linked directly to such components. Investors should 
understand that global economic, financial and political developments, among other things, may have a 
material effect on the value of the components of a Citi proprietary index and/or the performance of a Citi 
proprietary index. 
The risks of a particular Warrant linked to a Citi proprietary index will depend on the terms of that Warrant 
and the index conditions and/or methodology. Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility 
of significant changes in: 
• 
the prices of the components of the relevant Citi proprietary index or indices (component 
securities) and the weighting of each component within the relevant Citi proprietary index; 
• 
other objective prices; and 
• 
economic or other measures making up the relevant Citi proprietary index or indices. 
Investors should note that any dividends, other distributions assets and/or amounts paid to holders of the 
component securities will not be paid to the relevant Issuer or to the holders of Warrants. The return on 
Warrants will thus not reflect any such assets and/or amounts which would be paid to investors that have 
made a direct investment in any such component securities. Consequently, the return on Warrants may 
be less than the return from a direct investment in any such component securities. 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance of a Citi 
proprietary index and are component securities. The level of market volatility is largely determined by the 
prices for financial instruments supposed to protect investors against such market volatility. The prices of 
these instruments are determined by forces of supply and demand in the options and derivative markets 
generally. These forces are, themselves, affected by factors such as actual market volatility, expected 
volatility, economic factors and speculation. In recent years, currency exchange rates and prices for 
components have been highly volatile. Such volatility may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the 
rates or prices that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that 
may occur during the term of any Warrant relating to Citi proprietary indices. Investors should also note 
that the strategy that Citi proprietary indices are developed to reflect may not be successful and other 
strategies using the same components may perform better than the relevant Citi proprietary index. 
Investors should review the applicable index conditions to determine the strategy that the relevant Citi 
proprietary index has been developed to reflect. 
In considering whether to purchase Warrants relating to Citi proprietary indices, each investor should be 
aware that the calculation of amounts payable on Warrants relating to Citi proprietary indices involve 
reference to an index or indices determined by an affiliate of the Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
level of which may not be widely published or available. 
A Citi proprietary index will reflect the performance of notional investment positions in its components. 
There will be no actual portfolio of assets in respect of such Citi proprietary index to which any person is 
entitled or in which any person has any ownership interest and no Citi proprietary index creates any 
obligation of any person connected with any component. A Citi proprietary index merely identifies certain 
hypothetical investment positions, the performance of which will be used as a reference point for the 
purpose of calculating the level of the relevant Citi proprietary index. The result of any actual investment 
in relevant components may be different from the performance of the Citi proprietary index. In particular, 
any notional fees or costs deducted in the calculation of the level of the relevant Citi proprietary index and 
any proportionate amount included in such level of any dividend, distribution or payment in respect of any 
component may be different from those arising in respect of any actual investment in any constituent or 
any combination of constituents.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
k. Certain considerations associated with Warrants relating to rates 
Investors should be familiar with investments in global capital markets and with rates generally. Before 
purchasing Warrants, investors should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price 
volatility of the rates by reference to which amounts payable or deliverable under the relevant Warrants 
are calculated. 
The market value of the Warrants may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the level of the rate; 
• 
macro-economic, political or financial factors, speculation; and 
• 
central bank and government intervention. 
In recent years, rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may 
rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any rate in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Warrant. Fluctuations 
in rates will affect the value of the Warrants. 
Investors should understand that, depending on the terms of the Warrants, they may receive no amount(s) 
or assets because of the performance of the relevant rates and they may lose a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, investors should ensure that they review the terms of the Warrants in question as 
these may provide for amounts due or assets deliverable to be determined by reference to an option or 
formulae linked to the relevant rate rather than being a conventional debt security referencing a rate, such 
as one which bears interest at a specified floating rate of interest. 
Discontinuation or other unavailability of a Rate 
If a Rate is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, such event may constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event. The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) may cause early redemption 
or adjustment of the Warrants which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making 
related adjustments to the Warrants, including if applicable to reflect increased costs. Any such early 
redemptions or adjustments may result in payments under the Warrants being different from those 
originally anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Warrants 
See “k. Benchmark Reform and the Discontinuance and Replacement of “IBORS”” below. 
3. Risks related to the Market Generally   
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, illegality, application 
of Section 871(m) of the Code, in relation to the Warrants, exchange rate risk and risks relating to the 
listing of the Warrants. 
a. Possible Illiquidity of the Warrants in the Secondary Market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Warrants will trade in the secondary market or whether such 
market will be liquid or illiquid. If a market for the Warrants does develop, it may not be very liquid and may 
be sensitive to changes in financial markets. This is particularly the case should the relevant Issuer or, in 
the case of Warrants issued by CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, be in financial distress, which may result 
in any sale of the Warrants having to be at a substantial discount to its expected return or for Warrants 
which are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list Warrants on a stock exchange. If the Warrants are

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
not listed or traded on any exchange, pricing information for the Warrants may be more difficult to obtain 
and the liquidity of the Warrants may be adversely affected. If the Issuer does list an issue of Warrants, 
then, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain such listing, but see “Listing of Warrants” 
below. Also, to the extent American Style Warrants of a particular issue are exercised, the number of 
Warrants of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining 
Warrants of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Warrants may cause, in turn, an increase 
in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Warrants. 
Each of the Issuer and any Manager may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price 
in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation. A Manager may, but is not obliged to, be a market maker for an issue of 
Warrants. Even if a Manager is a market-maker for an issue of Warrants, the secondary market for such 
Warrants may be limited. To the extent that an issue of Warrants becomes illiquid, an investor may have 
to exercise such Warrants to realise value. 
b. Illegality in relation to the Warrants 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under any Warrants (other than Gilt 
Warrants) has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may cancel such Warrants and, 
if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant 
an amount equal to the fair market value of such Warrant, notwithstanding such illegality, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements but taking 
into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the Warrantholder and if applicable, any Exercise Price(s), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
c. Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Warrants could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Warrants would be treated, in whole or 
part, as retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include (but are not limited to) a designation 
by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself and the designation of a substitute or successor rate.  
In the event of a significant modification, a U.S. Holder (as described in “Other U.S. Federal Tax 
Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code”) would 
generally be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to possible treatment as a recapitalisation or, in 
the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with respect to the Warrants. Moreover, 
the treatment of the Warrants after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. A changed 
treatment of the Warrants could have possible withholding tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as 
defined under “Section D.7—Taxation of Warrants” in this Base Prospectus). The after-tax return on the 
Warrants after a significant modification may be less, and significantly so, than the return prior to such 
modification. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld due to a 
significant modification. 
d. Possible U.S. Federal Withholding Tax under Section 871(m) 
Section 871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder impose a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax 
on certain “dividend equivalents” paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined in “United States 
Federal Tax Considerations”) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or 
indices that include U.S. equities. This withholding regime generally applies to Warrants that substantially

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
replicate the economic performance of one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one 
of two tests set forth in the regulations. However, based on an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) notice, 
Warrants issued prior to 2025 will generally be subject to withholding tax only if they have a "delta" of one 
with respect to the relevant underlying U.S. equity. The regulations provide certain exceptions to this 
withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet 
requirements set forth in the regulations as well as instruments linked to securities that track such indices. 
The after-tax return on the Warrants if withholding tax is imposed may be less, and significantly so, than 
the return without the imposition of such withholding tax. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under 
Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Warrants should be aware that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Warrants—Definitions—Section 871(m) Event”) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and such an event occurs, an Early Redemption Event will occur, in which case 
the relevant Warrants may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Warrants. 
e. The U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of the Warrants is Unclear 
Depending on the terms of a Warrant, there may be no statutory, judicial or administrative authority 
regarding the proper treatment of the Warrant for U.S. federal tax purposes. As a result, the timing and 
character of income on such a Warrant are uncertain, and for a non-U.S. investor there is a risk that 
payments on such a Warrant may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, in particular payments that 
are made (or fixed) prior to maturity. If withholding tax applies to a payment on such a Warrant, the Issuer 
will not be required to pay additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld, and an investor may 
therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Warrants as compared to the return the investor 
would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the 
U.S. federal income tax treatment of “prepaid forward contracts” and similar financial instruments and have 
indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, 
members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any 
legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could 
materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Warrants, possibly with 
retroactive effect. 
In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating certain "basket options", 
"basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions. The terms “basket 
option” and “basket contract” refer to certain contracts in which a taxpayer receives a return based on the 
performance of a notional basket of referenced assets, provided that the taxpayer or its “designee” has, 
and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the contract. If the Issuer, an 
index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms of a Warrant 
or an index underlying a Warrant and were treated as a holder’s “designee” for these purposes, unless an 
exception applied, certain holders of the relevant Warrants would be required to report certain information 
to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might 
also be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. 
Prospective purchasers of the Warrants are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal 
tax consequences of an investment in the Warrants. 
If withholding tax applies to a payment on a Warrant, the Issuer will not be required to pay additional 
amounts in respect of amounts withheld.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
f. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
In the case of cash settled Warrants, the Issuer will pay any cash amounts in respect of the Warrants in 
the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Settlement Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Warrants, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of such Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the 
Warrants and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Warrants. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, any cash amounts that investors may 
receive may be less than expected or zero. 
g. Payments on the Warrants referencing a base rate will be determined using 
alternative methods if the relevant base rate is no longer available 
Where any amounts payable or deliverable under the relevant Warrants (or any components thereof) are 
calculated by reference to a base rate (including, without limitation, LIBOR) and if, during the term of the 
Warrants, the Issuer (or an affiliate) determines that the original base rate has been discontinued or is 
permanently no longer being published, the Issuer (or such affiliate) will use a substitute or successor base 
rate that it has determined, in its reasonable discretion after consulting with any source it deems to be 
reasonable, to be the industry-accepted substitute or successor base rate, or, if there is no such industry-
accepted substitute or successor base rate, a substitute or successor base rate that is most comparable 
to the original base rate.   
The Issuer (or such affiliate) also will determine, in its reasonable discretion after consulting with any source 
it deems to be reasonable, any adjustments to the relevant methodology or definitions for calculating such 
substitute or successor base rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such substitute or 
successor base rate comparable to the original base rate, in a manner that is consistent with any industry-
accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate.  The interests of the Issuer (or its affiliate) 
in making the determinations described above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of the Warrants 
and may have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Warrants. 
h. Listing of Warrants 
In respect of Warrants which are to be listed on a stock exchange, the Issuer shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to have such Warrants approved for listing on the relevant stock exchange and to maintain 
such listing so long as any of such Warrants are outstanding, PROVIDED THAT (a) if it is impracticable or 
unduly burdensome to maintain such listing due to changes in listing requirements occurring after the issue 
date of the relevant Warrants or (b) if the maintenance of the listing of such Warrants has become unduly 
onerous for any reason whatsoever, as further described in General Condition 22 of the English Law 
Warrants and General Condition 23 of the German Law Warrants, then the Issuer may apply to the relevant 
stock exchange to de-list such Warrants from such stock exchange in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Stock Exchange, PROVIDED THAT it shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such de-listing an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or 
quotation of the relevant Warrants by an “appropriate stock exchange” (as defined in the Conditions) within 
or outside the European Union, as it may decide.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, such admission to listing, trading and/or quotation on an appropriate stock 
exchange is not available or if obtaining or maintaining such admission would be, in the opinion of the 
issuer, unduly burdensome, the Issuer shall not be required to obtain such admission and shall have no 
further obligation to obtain or maintain any listing, trading and/or quotation for the relevant Warrants. In 
these circumstances, any de-listing may adversely affect the liquidity of the Warrants. 
i. 
Risks related to Implementation of Regulatory Reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of the Underlyings, which 
may ultimately affect the value, trading price and viability of the Warrants. For example, the U.S. Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) would, upon full 
implementation, impose limits on the maximum position that could be held by a single dealer in certain of 
the Underlyings and may subject certain transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers 
to some types of hedging activity by the relevant Issuer. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could 
require certain Underlyings or hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and 
reported to regulators, central data repositories and, in some cases, the public. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct requirements on persons active 
in the swaps market (which will include new capital and margin requirements), which may affect the value 
of the Underlyings or value and/or cost of hedging transactions. Such regulation may consequently affect 
the value, trading price and viability of the Warrants. The implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and future 
rulemaking thereunder could potentially limit or completely restrict the ability of the Issuer to hedge its 
exposure on the Warrants, increase the costs of hedging or make hedging strategies less effective, which 
may then constitute an Additional Disruption Event in respect of certain Warrants.  
j. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
In 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 
2015 Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the “Participating Member 
States”).  
The proposed FTT had very broad scope, possibly applying to dealings in Warrants (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances.   
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the (still) Participating Member States; 
the scope of any such tax and its adoption are uncertain. Additional EU member states may decide to 
participate.  
Until recently, the FTT proposal was at a standstill at the level of the European Council. Following the 
meeting of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2019, the FTT currently being considered by the Participating 
Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed companies 
which have their head office in a member state of the EU (and market capitalisation in excess of €1 billion 
on 1 December of the preceding year), rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order to reach a 
final agreement among the Participating Member States, further work in the Council and its preparatory 
bodies will be required in order to ensure that the competences, rights and obligations of non-participating 
EU member states are respected.  
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on Warrants could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for Warrants 
may be diminished. 
Prospective holders of Warrants are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
k. Benchmark Reform and the Discontinuance and Replacement of “IBORS” 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Warrants are 
linked will result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
General Condition 18 (Administrator/Benchmark Event), General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and General Condition 20 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Condition for 
English Law Warrants, and General Condition 19 (Administrator/Benchmark Event), General Condition 20 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions) and General Condition 21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the 
General Condition for German Law Warrants, as applicable will be applied in the order set out therein, in 
each case where applicable for the relevant rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option 
shown does not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next 
option which does should be applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, 
the relevant rate could be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. There is a risk that the determination of the relevant interest rate 
in accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result in lower amounts payable to investors under 
the Warrants and a reduction in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever defined) 
which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Provisions shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) and may 
include, where applicable and without limitation: 
• 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Calculation Agent decides are 
appropriate; 
• 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
• 
(subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant 
jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure 
to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, unless 
the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current 
and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to 'Section D.9 - Investment Considerations relating to benchmark reform and the 
discontinuance and replacement of "IBORS"' section for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions, the Calculation Agent is required to notify the Issuer of certain 
determinations made in accordance with such provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the 
Warrantholders thereof or of certain elections to cancel the Warrants. However, failure by the Calculation 
Agent to so notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to so notify the Warrantholders will not affect the validity 
of any such determination or election. Any determination or election may result in payments under the 
Warrants being lower than those originally anticipated or the Warrants being cancelled, and this could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Warrants.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Warrants linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that 
benchmarks which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. As 
a consequence, interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be "benchmarks" 
(including, but not limited to the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR")), have been the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from 
interbank offered rates (“IBORs”). In many instances, risk-free rates to replace such IBORs as primary 
benchmarks have been identified. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation", and 
together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks Regulations") are a key element of the 
ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 2018 and been subject 
to subsequent amendments.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as certain IBORs, other interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks 
Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value 
of, certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Warrants listed 
on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), and (ii) in the case of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, Warrants listed on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and in 
a number of other circumstances. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). It also includes certain recent additions to assist with the 
transition away from benchmarks such as benchmark Euro overnight index average (“EONIA”) and Swiss 
franc LIBOR (“CHF LIBOR”).  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
but has narrower geographical scope of application and includes some recent additions to address the 
wind-down of LIBOR, including restrictions on new use of USD LIBOR and (unless exempt) use of synthetic 
LIBOR by UK supervised entities. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. The onus of 
compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark administrators and UK supervised 
entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks pursuant 
to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmark administrators which were 
authorised, registered or recognised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") prior to 31 December 
2020 were removed from the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA 
maintains a separate public register of benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
UK Benchmarks Regulation (the "UK Register"). The UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators 
which were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration from any EU competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 
"equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the 
benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain 
(as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not 
available and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Warrants 
may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration from the FCA (or, if a non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" 
conditions and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the benchmark is 
not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) 
such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK entity, "equivalence" is not available and 
it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Warrants may be 
redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, and such, changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the 
volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular 
Warrants) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on 
certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
"benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as 
a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark" and the 
Calculation Agent may be entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Warrants. 
Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
Certain base rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be 
implemented or formulated as follows: 
(a) LIBOR 
LIBOR (published in 7 maturities and 5 currencies) ceased or became non-representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that such rate is intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, with the exception of certain USD LIBOR settings, for which this will occur

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
immediately after 30 June 2023. Investors should refer to "Section D.9 - Investment Considerations 
relating to benchmark reform and the discontinuance and replacement of "IBORS"" for more 
information on the cessation or non-representativeness of LIBOR.  
The EU has also amended the EU Benchmarks Regulation to include a power for regulators to 
designate one or more replacement benchmarks in certain limited circumstances for critical 
benchmarks or systemically important benchmarks where certain triggers are satisfied, relating to 
non-representativeness, cessation or orderly wind-down of the benchmark or where its use by 
supervised entities in the European Union is no longer permitted. This legislation is also primarily 
intended to assist contracts that do not have fallbacks or do not have suitable fallbacks for permanent 
cessation. Implementing regulations designating a statutory replacement rate for certain settings of 
CHF LIBOR and for EONIA were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 
October 2021 and have applied from 1 January 2022 and 3 January 2022, respectively. It is possible 
that implementing regulations may be developed designating a statutory replacement rate for 
additional benchmarks in the future. 
The New York ("NY") legislation originally proposed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee 
(the "ARRC") to assist the transition of certain financial contracts governed by NY law which reference 
USD LIBOR (among other things) provides that, by operation of law, any contract that has a fallback 
based on USD LIBOR or no fallback will fallback to the recommended benchmark replacement plus 
spread adjustment. A United States federal legislative solution was also signed into law in March 
2022 which takes a similar approach to the ARRC legislative solution. In summary, upon the 
discontinuation or loss of representativeness of the remaining USD LIBOR tenors, US law governed 
contracts that have no fallbacks or fallbacks based on USD LIBOR will transition, by operation of law, 
to SOFR as adjusted to incorporate the relevant spread adjustment specified in the federal law, plus 
any conforming changes recommended by the Federal Reserve Board. 
Whilst the above proposed legislative solutions may assist some tough legacy trades, regulators have 
made clear that they are not an alternative to active transition. Parties who rely on potential legislative 
solutions will not have control over the economic terms of that action. Also there is a risk that such 
legislative solutions may not be able to address all issues or be practicable in all circumstances and 
the existence of different solutions in different jurisdictions could also give rise to potential conflicts of 
law in the absence of harmonisation. 
(b) EURIBOR 
Unlike LIBOR, EURIBOR continues to be published by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI), using a reformed methodology, in compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The euro 
risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and, on 11 
May 2021, its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The guiding 
principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
IBOR transition and risks relating to anticipatory trigger events 
For any Warrants where the reference rate or benchmark is a LIBOR, the announcements by the FCA and 
IBA on 5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be representative 
may have triggered certain fallback provisions (such trigger being an "anticipatory trigger"). Whilst 
fallback provisions may have been triggered, the effective date and consequences of such fallbacks may 
not take effect until after the date of such announcements. Consequences of such fallbacks may require 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer (or both) to identify a replacement rate or benchmark, calculate a spread 
to be applied to the replacement rate or benchmark, make adjustments and fulfil other related obligations 
under relevant fallback provisions in the Conditions. The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all 
determinations and/or adjustments in respect of the Warrants as are provided for in connection with the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
occurrence of an anticipatory trigger, notwithstanding that such anticipatory trigger may have occurred 
before the Issue Date of the Warrants. The Calculation Agent will give notice to Warrantholders prior to 
making changes to the terms of the Warrants but may not give notice significantly in advance. 
Warrantholders should ensure that they read the fallback provisions applicable to their particular Warrants 
and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. Whilst an anticipatory trigger may not result in the 
immediate replacement of the applicable rate or benchmark with a successor rate or benchmark, when 
changes are made there is a risk that the return on the Warrants will be adversely affected (including that 
Warrantholders receive a significantly lower amount of interest) or that the Warrants may be early 
redeemed. 
Key risks relating to the reform and eventual replacements of IBORs with risk free rates 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Warrants linked to any such rates and in addition, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations could be impacted materially adversely and/or it could be subject to disputes, litigation or other 
actions with counterparties or relative participants. 
The risk-free rates have different calculation methodologies and other important differences from the 
IBORs they will eventually replace (see "Differences in methodologies" below). Market terms for Warrants 
linked to such "risk free rates" may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Warrants may be lower 
than those of later-issued Warrants as a result. Furthermore, if the relevant risk-free rate (such as SONIA 
or SOFR) fails to gain market acceptance or does not prove to be widely used in the capital markets, the 
trading price of Warrants linked to risk free rates may be lower than those of Warrants linked to rates that 
are more widely used and as a result, you may not be able to sell your Warrants at all or may not be able 
to sell your Warrants at prices that will provide you with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk. 
To the extent that any Warrants reference an IBOR, prospective investors in Warrants should understand 
(i) what fallbacks might apply in place of such rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be triggered and 
(iii) what unilateral amending rights (if any) on the part of the Issuer or Calculation Agent apply under the 
terms of such Warrants. See the risk factors set out below. 
Differences in methodologies 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other IBORs in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases and being calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed 
on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
you should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interbank offered rates and any risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Warrants. 
Interest on Warrants which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end of 
the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate in advance the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Warrants. Also, some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Warrants without changes to their information technology or other operational 
systems, which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Warrants. Further, if such Warrants are 
cancelled on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, where a separate amount in respect of accrued 
interest is payable, the final Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount payable in respect of such Warrants shall 
be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Warrants become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in 
the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives 
to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, SOFR 
or €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Warrants that reference such risk-free rates 
issued under this Base Prospectus. Term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term) have been published from January 
2021 and term SOFR rates have also become available for use. It is possible that market participants may 
seek to apply such term rates for capital markets issuances, although UK authorities have made clear their 
preference for the market to adopt a broad-based transition to SONIA compounded in arrears for new 
transactions, with use of a term SONIA reference rate being more limited than current use of LIBOR. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Warrants referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rates 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or other risk-free rate referenced Warrants issued by it under this Base Prospectus. 
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Warrants that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time. 
The new risk-free rates may have no established trading market, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Warrants indexed to the new risk free rates may 
evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Warrants may not be 
able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Warrants referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Warrants linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement 
selected by the Calculation Agent if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred 
USD LIBOR may be replaced by a successor or substitute interest rate 
If the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then a Benchmark Replacement will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent and substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Warrants (for an overview of 
how the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply, see 'Section D.9 - Investment Considerations relating to 
benchmark reform and the discontinuance and replacement of "IBORS"' section). Such a determination 
and any related decisions, determinations or elections made by the Calculation Agent in connection with 
implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Warrants could result in adverse

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
consequences to the relevant rate of interest, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and 
market for the Warrants.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and the potential reliance on SOFR to determine the rate 
of interest may adversely affect the return on and the market value of the Warrants 
Pursuant to General Condition 20 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Conditions for English 
Law Warrants or General Condition 21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Conditions for 
German Law Warrants, as applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then an 
alternative rate based on SOFR (if it can be determined and assuming no interpolated benchmark is 
available) will be substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Warrants (unless a Benchmark 
Transition Event also occurs with respect to the Benchmark Replacements that are linked to SOFR, in 
which case the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be used). In the following discussion of SOFR, 
when we refer to SOFR-linked Warrants, we mean Warrants at any time when the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement is based on SOFR. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable replacement for, USD LIBOR 
The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018 and began publishing SOFR Averages (a 
SOFR Index) in March 2020. Term SOFR is provided by CME Group and was formally recommended by 
the ARRC in July 2021 for use in certain areas, in particular, where use of overnight SOFR or SOFR 
Averages has proven difficult. SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash 
overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all 
trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate, plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement ("repo") 
transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation (the "FICC"), a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). SOFR is 
filtered by the NY Federal Reserve to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be 
"specials". According to the NY Federal Reserve, "specials" are repos for specific-issue collateral which 
take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing 
to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. the NY Federal Reserve 
reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo data 
collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party 
repo market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral Treasury 
repo transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The NY Federal Reserve 
notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from LIBOR. For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while USD 
LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. In addition, 
because SOFR is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas USD LIBOR is forward-
looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that the SOFR will perform in 
the same way as USD LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a 
comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. 
Furthermore, the NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the NY Federal Reserve 
may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR 
at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to holders of SOFR-linked Warrants. If the manner in which 
SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may adversely 
affect the return on and value of the relevant Warrants.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
No reliance on historical data  
Although the NY Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 
2014, such pre-publication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance 
of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value 
of SOFR-linked Warrants may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile 
rates. 
The Calculation Agent may make determinations or elections that could adversely affect the return on, 
value of and market for Warrants linked to USD LIBOR 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then it may make certain determinations, 
decisions and elections with respect to the rate of interest on such Warrants. Any such determination, 
decision or election could affect the amount of interest payable on such Warrants. For example, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, then it will determine, among other things, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent under the terms and conditions of the 
Warrants, could present a conflict of interest. In making the determinations, decisions and elections, the 
Calculation Agent may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the 
Warrants, and such determinations, decisions or elections could have a material adverse effect on the 
return on, value of and market for such Warrants. All determinations, decisions or elections by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent and shall become effective 
without consent from the Warrantholders or any other party. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, 
the relevant USD Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Warrants and at that time, 
a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made and: 
(A) 
if the USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Warrants to reference the USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
to use the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of the USD Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition Event had 
occurred; or 
(B) 
if the USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Warrants to reference the USD Benchmark or for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent to use the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable 
alternative to the USD Benchmark, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Warrants reference a USD Benchmark with respect to which a Benchmark Transition 
Event occurs during the term of such Warrants or has occurred (see “IBOR transition and risks relating to

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
anticipatory trigger events” above), prospective investors should be aware that the consequence of the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event described above will be realised if such a Benchmark 
Transition Event occurs and the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to General Condition 20 
(USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Conditions for English Law Warrants or General 
Condition 21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Conditions for German Law Warrants, as 
applicable. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to 
your interests as Warrantholders. The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions made 
by the Calculation Agent in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the 
Warrants, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Warrants. Further, there 
is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the relevant USD 
Benchmark or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of such USD 
Benchmark. In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower 
than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant 
Warrants if the previous rate had continued being published in its current form. 
In addition, see "Discontinuation or other unavailability of a Rate" above 
Interest on Warrants linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference 
Rate selected by the Calculation Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and apply 
pursuant to General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) of the General Conditions for English 
Law Warrants or General Condition 20 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) of the General Conditions for 
German Law Warrants, as applicable, there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of 
such Reference Rate (for an overview of how the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, investors should 
refer to 'Section D.9 - Investment Considerations relating to benchmark reform and the discontinuance and 
replacement of "IBORS"' section).  
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer's control. Whether a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Calculation Agent, and any subsequent use of a 
replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the Conditions (which could be extensive) 
and/or interest or other payments under the Warrants that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate 
over time with the payments that could have been made on such Warrants if the relevant Reference Rate 
remained available in its current form.  
Subject to the Conditions, each Warrantholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will not 
be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a relevant 
Reference Rate, it will: 
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Warrantholders or (ii) 
the Warrantholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an "Adjustment 
Spread");

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Warrants. 
You should be aware that: 
(I) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes 
made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than would 
otherwise have been the case; 
(II) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible that the Calculation 
Agent may select the least favourable replacement rate. In the case of IBOR linked swap rates, 
there is currently no industry-wide approach for dealing with the discontinuance or non-
representativeness of such swap rates across all currencies and a complete consensus does not 
exist as to what rate or rates may become accepted replacements. It is impossible to predict the 
effect of any such replacements on the value of the Warrants. Additionally, even where 
administrators have published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, there can be no guarantee 
that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard, and 
the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, 
the outcomes of determinations by the Calculation Agent may be unpredictable and the exercise 
of discretion by the Calculation Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) 
on, the Warrants; 
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Warrants; and  
(IV) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Warrants to account for the effect of any Reference Rate Event or to identify a 
Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination 
that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Warrants are 
required, the Warrants may, at the Issuer's option, be the subject of cancellation, in which case 
you may lose some or all of your investment. There is no guarantee that a Replacement Reference 
Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and Warrantholders and the proposed replacement adjustments 
are not intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Warrants and at that time, no 
amendments have occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for 
the Warrants to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to 
use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms 
that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had 
occurred; or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Warrants to reference the Reference Rate or for the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent to use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including 
any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last 
day on which the Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the "Last Permitted Rate") or (b) if it determines there is no such 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last 
Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor 
rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
To the extent that any Warrants reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate 
Event is likely to occur during the term of such Warrants, prospective investors should be aware that the 
consequence of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a 
Reference Rate Event occurs and the Reference Rate Event Provisions are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to 
your interests as a holder of Warrants. The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any 
decisions made by the Calculation Agent in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference 
Rate with respect to the Warrants, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Warrants. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate 
will be similar to the relevant Reference Rate or that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the 
economic equivalent of such Reference Rate. In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in 
interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that 
would have been made on the relevant Warrants if the previous rate had continued being published in 
its current form. 
Occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant 
Benchmark may mean adjustments are made to the Warrants which may include selecting one or more 
successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the Warrants, including if applicable to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s). Alternatively, cancellation of the Warrants may apply. For an overview of how the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions apply, investors should refer to 'Section D.9 - Investment 
Considerations relating to benchmark reform and the discontinuance and replacement of "IBORS"' 
section. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return on or market for the 
Warrants, and if the Warrants are cancelled, the amount repaid to you could be substantially less than 
your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
l. 
Risks relating to inflation  
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. Due to the 
impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services over time. 
The real return (or yield) on an investment in the Warrants will be reduced by inflation. Consequently, the 
higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a warrant will be. If the inflation rate is equal to or 
greater than the yield under a warrant, the real yield a holder of such warrant will achieve will be zero or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
even negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the 
Warrants, and you should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is 
anticipated to rise over the term of the Warrants) before purchasing Warrants.  
4. Risks Relating to Renminbi Warrants 
Warrants settled in Renminbi (“Renminbi Warrants”) may be issued under the Programme. Renminbi 
Warrants contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
a. Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are still significant 
restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may 
adversely affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Warrants. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The government of 
the PRC (the “PRC Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign 
currencies. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China 
(the “PBOC”) in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise 
control over cross border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-
border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or 
restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as 
capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or 
restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, 
this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source 
Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Warrants. 
b. There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect 
the liquidity of Renminbi Warrants and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi 
outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Warrants. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Warrants. To 
the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Warrants, 
there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If 
Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable to Renminbi 
Warrants, the Issuer can make payments in U.S. dollars or other specified currencies as set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
c. Investment in Renminbi Warrants is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and 
is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. All payments with respect to Renminbi Warrants will be made in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified in the terms and conditions of the Warrants. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
in other foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value 
of Renminbi depreciates against other foreign currencies, the value of investment in other applicable 
foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB 
Inconvertibility, RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), it is impossible, 
impractical, illegal or impracticable for the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position), to pay 
or deliver any amounts or assets due in Renminbi, the Conditions allow the Issuer to delay such payment 
in Renminbi until a specified time after the relevant RMB Disruption Event ceases to exist or to make 
payment in U.S. dollars or other specified foreign currency at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as 
provided in more detail in the Conditions. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments or deliveries 
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder’s investment in U.S. dollar or other 
foreign currency terms will decline. 
d. Payments in respect of Renminbi Warrants will only be made to investors in 
the manner specified in the terms and conditions of the relevant Warrants. 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the RMB Settlement Centre(s). All Renminbi 
payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Warrants will be made solely for so long as the Renminbi 
Warrants are represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Permanent Global Warrant or a Combined 
Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures. 
Other than described in the Conditions, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor can be required to 
make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft 
or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). Warrantholders that are unable to comply with these 
conditions may not be able to receive amounts payable under the Warrants and, in these circumstances, 
may lose their entire investment. 
e. An investment in Renminbi Warrants is subject to risk of change in the 
regulatory regime governing the issuance of Renminbi Warrants. 
Renminbi Warrants issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
and any change in the Chinese government’s policy or the regulatory regime governing the issuance of 
RMB-settled instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi Warrants. 
5. Risks relating to the type of Warrant, performance of the underlyings and payments 
under the warrants 
a. Call Warrants 
If (i) the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings 
are Rates, (ii) the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s), subject to deduction of any Commission 
if an amount is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, is greater than the Exercise Price, and (iii) 
in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, then the 
Warrants will be “in the money” and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between such Settlement 
Price, less any relevant Commission, and the Exercise Price, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, and all

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
multiplied by any applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the 
relevant Underlying(s) increase (and vice versa). 
Where Payment of Dividends is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Warrantholder will 
receive an amount (if any) in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to 
the Dividend Percentage of the sum of all relevant gross cash dividends declared by the relevant Share 
Company in relation to one Share where the ex-date and the date on which Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited (or any successor to it or Affiliate of it) receives or is deemed to receive such dividends falls during 
the period from (but excluding) the Trade Date to (and including) the relevant Exercise Date, multiplied by 
any applicable multiplier. No amounts in respect of dividends will be paid during the term of the Warrants 
and, if no relevant dividends have been received or deemed to be received as provided above, then no 
amount in respect of dividends shall be paid on the Settlement Date. The value of the Warrants is expected 
to increase if dividends are declared and paid (and vice versa). 
If “Averaging” applies, then if the arithmetic mean Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s) for all the 
Averaging Dates, subject to deduction of any Commission if an amount is specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Warrants will be “in the money” and a 
Warrantholder will receive the difference between such arithmetic mean Settlement Price, less any relevant 
Commission, and the Exercise Price, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, and all multiplied by any applicable 
multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) 
increase (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Settlement Price is 
determined by reference to the sum of the values of each such Underlying. The Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and positive performance of some Underlyings may be negated by negative performance of 
other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates and the sum of (i) Settlement Price and (ii) the 
relevant Margin is greater than the Strike specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Warrants will 
be “in the money” and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the sum of the Settlement 
Price and the Margin and (ii) the Strike, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable 
multiplier, and all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
In respect of Warrants linked to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value 
of the Underlying increases (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of one rate (“Rate 2”) from the other rate (“Rate 1”) in the basket. As such, the value 
of the Warrants is expected to increase if the difference between Rate 1 and Rate 2 increases (and vice 
versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be subject to a cap or a floor and may, in any event, be less than the 
amount of an investor’s initial investment and the Warrants may expire worthless. 
b. Put Warrants 
If (i) the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings 
are Rates, (ii) the Exercise Price is greater than the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s), subject 
to addition of any Commission if an amount is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and (iii) in 
the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, then the 
Warrants will be “in the money” and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between such Exercise 
Price and Settlement Price, plus any relevant Commission, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, and all 
multiplied by any applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the 
relevant Underlying(s) decrease (and vice versa).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Where Payment of Dividends is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount (if any) 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the Dividend Percentage 
of the sum of all relevant gross cash dividends declared by the relevant Share Company in relation to one 
Share where the ex-date and the date on which Citigroup Global Markets Limited (or any successor to it 
or Affiliate of it) receives or is deemed to receive such dividends falls during the period from (but excluding) 
the Trade Date to (and including) the relevant Exercise Date (multiplied by any applicable multiplier) will 
be deducted from the Cash Settlement Amount. No amounts in respect of dividends will be paid during the 
term of the Warrants and, if no relevant dividends have been received or deemed to be received as 
provided above, then no amount in respect of dividends shall be so deducted on the Settlement Date. The 
value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if dividends are declared and paid (and vice versa). 
If “Averaging” applies, then if the Exercise Price is greater that the arithmetic mean Settlement Price of the 
relevant Underlying(s) for all the Averaging Dates, subject to addition of any Commission if an amount is 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Warrants will be “in the money” and a 
Warrantholder will receive the difference between the Exercise Price and arithmetic mean Settlement 
Price, plus any relevant Commission, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, and all multiplied by any 
applicable multiplier. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) decrease (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Settlement Price is 
determined by reference to the sum of the values of each such Underlying. The Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and negative performance of some underlyings may be negated by positive performance of 
other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates and the Strike specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms is greater than the sum of (i) the Settlement Price and (ii) the relevant Margin, then the Warrants 
will be “in the money” and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the Strike and (ii) the sum 
of the Settlement Price and the Margin, multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable 
multiplier, and all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
In respect of Warrants linked to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value 
of the Underlying decreases (and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of Rate 2 from Rate 1. As such, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if 
the difference between Rate 1 and Rate 2 decreases (and vice versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be subject to a cap or a floor and may, in any event, be less than the 
amount of an investor’s initial investment and the Warrants may expire worthless. 
c. Call Spread Warrants 
If the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings 
are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, the Cash Settlement Amount is determined as the Issue Price of the Warrants multiplied by the 
Spread and further multiplied by any applicable Multiplier. 
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) increases above the specified Upper Strike, the Spread 
will be floored at the specified Fixed Percentage and the Cash Settlement Amount will therefore also be 
floored or, if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases below the Lower Strike, the Spread 
will be capped at the difference between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will therefore also be capped.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) is between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike, the 
value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases. 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and positive performance of some Underlyings may be negated by negative performance of 
other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates, and the sum of (i) Settlement Price and (ii) the 
relevant Margin is greater than the Strike specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Warrants will 
be “in the money” and, a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the sum of the Settlement 
Price and the Margin and (ii) the Strike (such calculation being subject to the Cap and Floor specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable multiplier, and 
all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.  
Subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of Warrants linked 
to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the Underlying increases 
(and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of Rate 2 from Rate 1. As such, and subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the difference between 
Rate 1 and Rate 2 increases (and vice versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the amount of an investor’s initial investment and the 
Warrants may expire worthless. 
d. Put Spread Warrants 
If the relevant Underlying is not a Rate or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings 
are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, the Cash Settlement Amount is determined as the Issue Price of the Warrants multiplied by the 
Spread and further multiplied by any applicable Multiplier.  
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases below the specified lower Strike, the Spread 
will be floored at the specified Fixed Percentage and the Cash Settlement Amount will therefore also be 
floored or, if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) increases above the Upper Strike, the Spread 
will be capped at the difference between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike and the Cash Settlement 
Amount will therefore also be capped. 
If the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) is between the Upper Strike and the Lower Strike, the 
value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if the Performance of the relevant Underlying(s) increases. 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Underlyings which are not Rates, the Underlyings in the basket 
are weighted and positive performance of some Underlyings may be negated by negative performance of 
other Underlyings (and vice versa). 
If the relevant Underlying is a Rate or Basket of Rates and the Strike specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms is greater than the sum of (i) the Settlement Price and (ii) the relevant Margin, then the Warrants 
will be “in the money” and a Warrantholder will receive the difference between (i) the Strike and (ii) the sum 
of the Settlement Price and the Margin (such calculation being subject to the Cap and Floor specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), multiplied by the Nominal Amount, multiplied by any applicable multiplier, and 
all multiplied by the any applicable Rates Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of Warrants linked 
to a single Rate, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the Underlying decreases 
(and vice versa). 
If the Warrants are linked to a Basket of Rates, the Settlement Price is determined by subtracting the 
Official Closing Level of Rate 2 from Rate 1. As such, and subject to the relevant Cap and Floor specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the difference between 
Rate 1 and Rate 2 decreases (and vice versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the amount of an investor’s initial investment and the 
Warrants may expire worthless. 
e. Delta One Warrants 
If the Exercise Price is less than the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying(s) and if, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, then the Warrants will 
be “in the money” and a Warrantholder will receive the quotient of the Settlement Price and the Exercise 
Price, multiplied by the Nominal Amount. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of 
the relevant Underlying(s) increases and, conversely, the value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if 
the value of the relevant Underlying(s) decreases.  
If “Averaging” applies, then if the Exercise Price is less than the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Price 
of the relevant Underlying(s) for all Averaging Dates, then the Warrants will be “in the money” and a 
Warrantholder will receive the quotient of the Settlement Price and the Exercise Price, multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount. The value of the Warrants is expected to increase if the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) increases, and, conversely, the value of the Warrants is expected to decrease if the value of 
the relevant Underlying(s) decreases.  
If the Warrants are linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Settlement Price is determined by reference to 
the sum of the values of each such Underlying. The Underlyings in the basket are weighted and negative 
performance of some Underlyings may be negated by positive performance of other Underlyings (and vice 
versa). 
The Cash Settlement Amount may be subject to a cap or a floor and may, in any event, be less than the 
amount of an investor’s initial investment and the Warrants may expire worthless. 
f. 
Long/Short Warrants 
Amounts payable in respect of the Warrants are linked to a comparison of the performance of one basket 
of Underlyings (the “Long Underlyings”) against the performance of a different basket of Underlyings (the 
“Short Underlyings”).  
If the weighted average price of the relevant Long Underlyings falls or rises less in comparison to the 
weighted average value of the Short Underlyings and/or the amount of any net dividends/distributions paid 
in respect of the Long Underlyings is not as great as the gross dividends/distributions paid in respect of 
the Short Underlyings, the Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect of each such Warrant may be less 
than the issue price of such Warrant. 
The Warrants are linked to baskets of Underlyings and the cash settlement amount is determined by 
reference to the weighted average of the prices of the Underlyings in the relevant basket. However, the 
Underlyings may not be equally weighted in the relevant basket. Therefore, the negative performance of 
some Long Underlyings and/or the positive performance of some Short Underlyings may disproportionately 
adversely affect the amount of the Cash Settlement Amount (and vice versa).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
If the price of any Underlying or any dividend/distribution received in respect of any Underlying is an amount 
in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, such price or amount received shall be converted from 
the currency in which it is quoted/paid into the currency of the Warrants. Therefore, fluctuations in such 
currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Warrants and amounts due in respect thereof. 
The Warrants may be terminated early at the option of the Issuer if at any time the bid level of the Warrants 
as determined by the Calculation Agent is equal to or less than a specified barrier by payment of an amount 
determined by the calculation agent as the difference between the sum of the actual or notional weighted 
average net sale prices of the Long Underlyings (less a commission) and the sum of the actual or notional 
weighted average gross purchase price of the Short Underlyings (plus a commission) PLUS the difference 
between the net dividends/distributions received in respect of the Long Underlyings and the gross 
dividends/distributions received in respect of the Short Underlyings. 
g. Credit Warrants 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined herein or in the General Conditions shall have the 
meaning given in the Notional Transaction. Credit Warrants will only be issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. in the form of Global Warrants. 
Investment Returns (if any) 
Investors should note that Credit Warrants are linked to a Notional Transaction, which is a hypothetical 
credit default swap or index linked swaption (or such other transaction as is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) in relation to the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities (and any Successor 
thereto) which the Issuer is deemed to have entered into on the issue date with the swap counterparty 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (which may be a hypothetical market counterparty), under 
which the Issuer is in the position of the credit protection Seller or Swaption Seller and the hypothetical 
market counterparty is in the position of credit protection Buyer or Swaption Buyer, as applicable. 
In respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS 
or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the terms of the Warrants are designed to reflect 
the credit exposure of the protection Buyer under the Notional Transaction (as set forth in the Notional 
Transaction). Accordingly if an Event Determination Date does not occur and/or no Auction Settlement 
Amount or Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, is notionally payable under the Notional Transaction, 
no amounts will be payable on exercise of the Warrants and investors will lose their entire investment. 
In respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the terms of the Warrants are designed to reflect the credit exposure 
of the Swaption Buyer under the Notional Transaction (as set forth in the Notional Transaction). 
Accordingly, if the unwind value of the Notional Transaction on the Exercise Date of the Warrants is out-
of-the-money for the Swaption Buyer, no amounts will be payable on exercise of the Warrants and 
investors will lose their entire investment. 
Investors in Credit Warrants shall be deemed to have fully understood the provisions of the Notional 
Transaction and, in particular, the fact that whether anything will be payable on exercise of the Warrants 
is dependent on, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a 
Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, whether an Auction Settlement 
Amount or a Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, is notionally payable under the Notional Transaction 
or, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the unwind value of the Notional Transaction on the relevant date. 
Credit Exposure 
As a result of the performance of the Warrants being dependent (amongst other things) on whether or not 
a Credit Event occurs and whether an Event Determination Date occurs or the unwind value of the Index

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Swaption (taking into account the occurrence of any Credit Event), Warrantholders will be exposed to 
changes in the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Entities. Credit risk refers to the 
risk that an entity may fail to perform its payment obligations under a transaction when they are due to be 
performed as a result of a deterioration in its financial condition. This is a risk for the other companies or 
parties which enter into transactions with the entity or in some other way have exposure to the credit of the 
entity. The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference Entity will generally fluctuate 
with, among other things, the financial condition of the Reference Entity, together with general economic 
conditions, the conditions of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in particular 
industries and changes in prevailing market rates. 
If during the life of the Warrants a Reference Entity is able perform its payment obligations and an Event 
Determination Date does not occur with respect to such Reference Entity, investors may lose their entire 
investment. 
Determinations under the Notional Transaction to be made by the Calculation Agent 
Investors should note that (other than to the extent described under “Trigger Notice” below) they will have 
no discretion to make determinations, deliver notices, or dispute determinations, in each case in relation 
to the Notional Transaction, where a party acting as buyer under an actual market standard credit default 
swap transaction or swaption transaction referencing the Reference Entity might have such rights. 
The terms of the Notional Transaction provide for Seller, Buyer or the calculation agent in respect of the 
Notional Transaction (the “Swap Calculation Agent”) to make a number of determinations, calculations 
or elections (including, without limitation, in respect of the valuation of Reference Obligations and the 
selection of Dealers for such purposes, the identification of any successor Reference Entity or substitute 
Reference Obligation and the occurrence of any Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event pursuant to the terms of the Notional Transaction). Where the Notional Transaction provides 
for a determination, calculation or exercise of a discretion to be made by Buyer, Seller or the Swap 
Calculation Agent, such determination, calculation or exercise of a discretion, as the case may be, will be 
made by (i) in the case of Buyer, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, (ii) in the case of Seller, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion, or (iii) in 
the case of the Swap Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion. In 
making any determination pursuant to (ii) above in its capacity as Seller under the Notional Transaction, 
the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion, is under no obligation to consider the 
interests of the Warrantholders and shall have no duties or responsibilities and shall not be liable to 
Warrantholders or any other party in exercising such discretions and making such determinations and 
calculations. 
If the right to exercise the Movement Option applies under the Notional Transaction, both Buyer and Seller 
will be deemed to have delivered an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option under the Notional 
Transaction on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. The effect of this will be that Buyer’s Notice 
to Exercise Movement Option will prevail. 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs, the Notional Transaction may be settled in a partial amount of less 
than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount but such partial amount may be higher than the amount 
specified by the relevant Warrantholder in the Trigger Notice delivered by it as the Calculation Agent will 
be deemed to be instructed to deliver a Credit Event Notice in respect of the highest Exercise Amount 
specified in any Trigger Notice received at or prior to the time the Threshold Percentage (as defined below) 
is achieved. 
In the event that a Credit Event occurs, but the Calculation Agent does not deliver a Credit Event Notice 
and a Notice of Publicly Available Information under the Notional Transaction and an Event Determination 
Date does not otherwise occur following the delivery of a Trigger Notice, no amounts will be payable on 
exercise of the Warrants in respect of such Credit Event and investors may lose their entire investment.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and the 
Warrantholders in relation to such determinations, calculations or exercises of discretions pursuant to the 
Notional Transaction which may influence the amount payable (if any) on exercise of the Warrants. 
Trigger Notice 
Investors should note that if Buyer would have the right to deliver a Credit Event Notice under the Notional 
Transaction, an Event Determination Date will only occur under the Notional Transaction if one or more 
Warrantholders who together hold the percentage of Warrants specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (the “Threshold Percentage”) deliver valid Trigger Notice(s) describing the relevant Credit 
Event and containing such information with respect thereto as the Calculation Agent determines constitutes 
Publicly Available Information. In such circumstances, all the relevant Warrants will be exercised and 
receive a pro rata share of the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) under the Notional Transaction, 
notwithstanding that not all Warrantholders may have wanted an Event Determination Date to occur. 
If Buyer would have the right to deliver a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice under the Notional 
Transaction and the Trigger Notice is delivered on or prior to the day falling 12 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Termination Date of the Notional Transaction, the Calculation Agent will only deliver a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice under the Notional Transaction if one or more Warrantholders 
who together hold the Threshold Percentage of outstanding Warrants deliver valid Trigger Notice(s) in 
respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, together with such information with respect thereto as 
the Calculation Agent determines constitutes Publicly Available Information. 
Potential conflicts of interests may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Warrantholders in relation 
to the Calculation Agent’s determination as to Publicly Available Information which may influence the 
amount (if any) payable on exercise of the Warrants. 
Nature of Synthetic Credit Exposure 
An investment in Credit Warrants does not constitute a purchase or other acquisition or assignment of any 
interest in any obligation of the Reference Entity. None of any Warrantholder, the Issuer and the CGMFL 
Guarantor will have recourse against the Reference Entity with respect to the Warrants. None of the 
holders of the Warrants or any other entity will have any rights to acquire from the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor any interest in any obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Holders of the Warrants will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of the obligations of the 
Reference Entity. For example, if a Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, 
a Warrantholder, unlike a direct holder of the Reference Entity’s obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. 
Reference Entity Information 
Warrantholders will not have the right to obtain from the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor any information 
in relation to any Reference Entity or any information regarding any obligation of any Reference Entity. 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will not have any obligation to keep the Warrantholders informed 
as to matters arising in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, including whether or not circumstances 
exist under which there is a possibility of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor the applicable Pricing Supplement will provide any information on the 
creditworthiness or the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to any relevant Reference 
Entity. Each prospective investor is advised to make its own assessment of the likelihood of the occurrence 
of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, particularly in relation to Credit Warrants where the 
Notional Transaction is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be a Single Name CDS or an 
Index CDS as no amounts will be payable on exercise of the Warrants if no Event Determination Date 
occurs.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Exposure to Reference Entity and Obligations 
A Warrant does not represent a claim against any Reference Entity or in respect of any obligation of such 
Reference Entity and, as set out above, a Warrantholder will not have recourse under a Warrant to such 
Reference Entity. Neither the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Agent or any other person on their behalf 
makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the credit quality of any Reference Entity 
or any obligations of any such Reference Entity. Each of such persons may have acquired, or during the 
term of the Warrants may acquire, confidential information with respect to a Reference Entity or the 
Obligations of such Reference Entity. No such person is under any obligation to make such information 
available to Warrantholders. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates have undertaken 
any investigation of any Reference Entity for or on behalf of any investor in the Warrants. 
Business Relationships 
Each of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates may have 
existing or future business relationships with each other or any Reference Entity (including, but not limited 
to, lending, depository, derivative counterparty, risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and 
will pursue actions and take steps that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its interests arising 
therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Warrantholder. Furthermore, the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates may buy, sell or hold positions in obligations 
of, or credit protection in relation to, any Reference Entity or may act as investment or commercial bankers, 
advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and officer positions in any such entity. 
Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, (i) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the event and determine the 
effective date of the adjustment, or (ii) cancel the Warrants. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (i) and (ii) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Issuer and/or its Affiliates may, but has no obligation to, enter into and/or maintain hedging 
arrangements to hedge its obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
Such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. 
In relation to Credit Warrants, the following are Adjustment Events: a Credit Linked Adjustment Event and 
(if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
h. EMEA Participation Certificates and LATAM Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or 
LATAM Participation Certificates, the Issue Price of such Certificates will reflect the value of the Shares on 
the relevant trade date and the Final Settlement Amount payable in respect of such Certificates will be 
linked to the performance of the relevant Share Company.  An investment in the Certificates provides 
Certificateholders with a return calculated by reference to the relevant Shares of the Share Company (each 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Therefore, if the average price, official closing price or volume weighted average price, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, of the relevant Shares falls below the value of the Shares on the relevant trade 
date, the Final Settlement Amount payable in respect of each such Certificate may be less than the Issue 
Price of such Certificate.  
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the Shares and Certificateholders are, 
subject to due exercise of the relevant Certificates, entitled to receive payments which are calculated by 
reference to net dividends and amounts in respect of certain corporate actions that would be received by 
a holder of the Shares and to a Final Settlement Amount on the Final Settlement Date that is calculated 
by reference to the average price, official closing price or volume weighted average price, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, of the Shares, in each case, multiplied by any relevant multiplier. 
Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof the holders of the Shares and do not have any right to receive 
any information, to exercise voting rights or to receive dividends directly from the Share Company. 
If a cash dividend is paid or a stock dividend or rights issue occurs and the Certificates are duly exercised 
by the relevant Certificateholder, the Dividend Amount or Corporate Action Amount, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, will be paid to Certificateholders.  
Where the relevant Shares are quoted in a currency other that the Settlement Currency, then the value of 
the relevant Shares and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the currency in which 
they are denominated into the Settlement Currency of the Certificates. In such circumstances, fluctuations 
in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Certificates and amount(s) due in respect thereof. 
i. 
Saudi Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, the 
Issue Price of such Certificates will reflect the value of the Shares on the relevant trade date (converted 
into U.S.$) and the Final Settlement Amount payable in respect of such Certificates will be linked to the 
performance of the relevant Share Company. An investment in the Certificates provides Certificateholders 
with a return calculated by reference to the relevant Shares of the Share Company (each as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms).  
Therefore, if the traded price of the relevant Shares falls below the value of the Shares on the relevant 
trade date, the Final Settlement Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) payable in respect of 
each such Certificate may be less than the Issue Price of such Certificate.  
The value of the relevant Shares and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the Local 
Currency into USD and, therefore, fluctuations in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the 
Certificates and amount(s) due in respect thereof. 
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the Shares and Certificateholders are, 
subject to due exercise of the relevant Certificates entitled to receive payments which are calculated by 
reference to net dividends that would be received by a holder of the Shares and to a Final Settlement 
Amount that is calculated by reference to the price of the Shares. Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof 
the holders of the Shares and do not have any right to receive any information, to exercise voting rights or 
to receive dividends directly from the Share Company.  
The Issuer may, but has no obligation to, enter into and/or maintain hedging arrangements to hedge its 
obligations in respect of the Certificates. In the event that the Issuer does enter into such hedging 
transactions, the Issuer will not hedge the Certificates by investing in the Shares directly but may enter into 
indirect hedging arrangements which conform to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia CMA Board of 
Commissioners resolution number 2-28-2008 as amended by resolution number 3 10 2010, such as cash 
settled swap transactions.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Investors should note that, notwithstanding that ownership of the relevant Certificates may have changed, 
any Cash Settlement Amount or the Final Settlement Amount may be subject to adjustment as determined 
by the Calculation Agent for amounts either (i) withheld for tax reasons from the dividends relating to any 
Cash Settlement Amounts previously paid in respect of the Certificates that are later found not to be owed 
to, or are refundable from, the applicable local authority or (ii) which are required to be paid in relation to 
the dividends relating to any previously paid Cash Settlement Amounts (due to local taxes) in addition to 
any other amounts in respect of Local Taxes that were taken into account in determining any previously 
paid Cash Settlement Amounts PROVIDED THAT no Cash Settlement Amount or Final Settlement Amount 
shall be less than zero.  Therefore, whether the "adjustment" is positive or negative, it is the holder at the 
relevant time of payment who is subject to such adjustment. 
Therefore, investors purchasing Certificates in the secondary market should note that any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates after such secondary market purchase may be subject 
to increases or decreases in respect of Local Taxes deducted or not deducted fully from amounts paid to 
a previous Certificateholder. 
j. 
APAC Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are APAC Participation Certificates, the 
Issue Price of the Certificates will reflect the value of the Shares on the relevant trade date and, if the 
Certificates are cash settled Certificates, the Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect of such 
Certificates will be linked to the performance of the relevant Share Company and, if the Certificates are 
physical settlement Certificates, the assets deliverable will be the relevant Shares. A Certificateholder will 
only have the option to elect for physical settlement if the applicable Issue Terms specify that a holder has 
the right to vary settlement in respect of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if the traded price of the relevant Shares falls below the value of the Shares on the relevant 
trade date, the Cash Settlement Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) payable or, as the 
case may be, the value of the Shares deliverable in respect of each such Certificate may be less than the 
Issue Price of such Certificate.  
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the Shares and Certificateholders are 
entitled to receive payments which are calculated by reference to dividends that would be received by a 
holder of the Shares and, subject to due exercise of the relevant Certificates, to a Final Settlement Amount 
that is calculated by reference to the sale price of the Shares, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or, on physical settlement, to receive the Shares.  Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof the holders 
of the Shares and do not have any right to receive any information, to exercise voting rights or to receive 
dividends directly from the Share Company.  
In addition to the other early termination provisions and as described below, the Certificates have (i) an 
optional early termination right for the Issuer and (ii) an additional optional early termination right for the 
Issuer if the Certificates are Indian Participation Certificates or China Participation Certificates or Taiwan 
Participation Certificates and any holder breaches certain regulatory acknowledgements, representations, 
warranties and/or undertakings and, in such circumstances, the Issuer may cancel all or some only of the 
Certificates but where, in the determination of the Issuer, it is practicable, the Issuer shall only cancel the 
Certificates of the Certificateholder that has breached or is in breach of such regulatory 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and/or undertakings. Therefore, a Certificateholder may 
have their Certificates cancelled early if another Certificateholder breaches the applicable regulatory 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and/or undertakings. In such circumstances, the Issuer 
will determine if the Certificates are cash settled certificates or physical delivery certificates. If the 
Certificates are terminated early, the Issuer's obligations shall be discharged by payment of the final 
settlement amount or delivery of the relevant entitlement, as the case may be.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Where the relevant Shares are quoted in a currency other that the Settlement Currency, then the value of 
the relevant Shares and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the currency in which 
they are denominated into the Settlement Currency of the Certificates. In such circumstances, fluctuations 
in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Certificates and amount(s) due in respect thereof.  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Underlying RMB Disruption Event is applicable, then the 
currency of the Shares shall be Renminbi. In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the 
extent that, by reason of Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, Underlying RMB Non-Transferability or 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), it is impossible, impractical, illegal or 
impracticable for the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position), to pay or deliver any 
amounts or assets due (regardless of whether the Settlement Currency is also Renminbi), the Conditions 
allow the Issuer to delay such payment and/or delivery or to terminate the Certificates early by payment of 
the early termination amount, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions. As a result, the value of the 
Certificate may be more volatile and a holder may receive payment or delivery later than the scheduled 
date therefor. Investors in such Certificates should also read "Risks Relating to Renminbi Warrants" above 
as, whilst the Certificates may not be settled in RMB, similar considerations apply. 
k. APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Certificates are APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates, the issue price of the Certificates will reflect the value of the relevant debt securities on the 
relevant trade date and, if the Certificates are cash settled certificates, the final settlement amount payable 
in respect of such Certificates will be based on the value of the relevant Debt Securities and, if the 
Certificates are physical settlement certificates, the assets deliverable will be the relevant Debt Securities. 
A Certificateholder will only have the option to elect for physical settlement if the applicable Issue Terms 
specify that a holder has the right to vary settlement in respect of the Certificates. 
Therefore, if the traded price of the relevant Debt Securities falls below the value of the Debt Securities on 
the relevant trade date, the final settlement amount payable or, as the case may be, value of the Debt 
Securities deliverable in respect of each such Certificate may be less than the issue price of such 
Certificate.  
The Certificates represent an indirect exposure to the value of the relevant Debt Securities and 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive payments which are calculated by reference to net coupon 
payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant Debt Securities and, subject to due exercise 
of the relevant Certificates, to a final settlement amount that is calculated by reference to the sale price of 
the relevant Debt Securities or, on physical settlement, to receive relevant Debt Securities, each as set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms. Certificateholders are not by virtue thereof the holders of the Debt Securities 
or the Shares and do not have any right to receive any information, to exercise voting rights or to receive 
coupons directly from the Securities Issuer. 
The value of the relevant Debt Securities and amounts paid in respect thereof shall be converted from the 
local currency in which they are denominated into the settlement currency for payments in respect of the 
Certificates. Therefore, fluctuations in such currency exchange rate will affect the value of the Certificates 
and amounts due in respect thereof 
In addition to the other early termination provisions and as described below, the Certificates have (i) an 
optional early termination right for the Issuer and (ii) an additional optional early termination right for the 
Issuer where the Certificates are Indian Participation Certificates or China Participation Certificates or 
Taiwan Participation Certificates and any holder breaches certain regulatory acknowledgements, 
representations, warranties and/or undertakings and, in such circumstances, the Issuer may cancel all or 
some only of the Certificates but where, in the determination of the Issuer, it is practicable, the Issuer shall 
only cancel the Certificates of the Certificateholder that has breached or is in breach of such regulatory

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and/or undertakings. Therefore, a Certificateholder may 
have their Certificates cancelled early if another Certificateholder breaches the applicable regulatory 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and/or undertakings. In such circumstances, the Issuer 
will determine if the Certificates are cash settled certificates or physical delivery certificates. If the 
Certificates are terminated early, the Issuer's obligations shall be discharged by payment of the final 
settlement amount or delivery of the relevant entitlement, as the case may be. 
If the Debt Securities are redeemed and/or converted in whole or in part prior to their stated maturity date, 
following a redemption or conversion in full or a partial redemption or conversion where the Calculation 
Agent determines that such redemption or conversion has affected the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates, the Issuer may either (i) in respect of a redemption or conversion in full, cancel the 
Certificates and either (a) pay an amount equal to the redemption proceeds or the value of the shares 
received following the relevant redemption or conversion or (b) where specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, deliver Conversion APAC Participation Certificates relating to the shares received following the 
relevant conversion or (ii) in respect of a partial redemption or conversion either (a) pay an amount equal 
to the redemption proceeds or the value of the shares received following the relevant redemption or 
conversion or (b) where specified in the applicable Issue Terms, deliver Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates relating to the shares received following the relevant conversion and, in any such case, 
determine the appropriate adjustment (if any) to be made to the Conditions to reflect such payment or 
delivery. 
If an event relating to the credit of the relevant Securities Issuer occurs (being any one or more of a 
bankruptcy, a failure to pay, an acceleration or default in respect of obligations of the Securities Issuer or 
a repudiation/moratorium, restructuring or governmental intervention in relation to obligations of the 
Securities Issuer), the Certificates may be terminated early at the option of the Issuer by payment of an 
amount determined as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the issuer of the Debt Securities makes a material change to the terms of the Debt Securities, the Issuer 
may require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment to the terms of the Certificates 
to account for such change and determine the effective date of such change. 
The Certificateholders may elect to exercise a conversion option. If such election is made by a 
Certificateholder and if the Calculation Agent is or would be permitted in accordance with all applicable 
laws and regulations to convert the Debt Securities into shares on accordance with the terms of the Debt 
Securities and the Issuer is or would be able to issue and/or deliver Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and its internal policies and procedures, 
each Certificate will entitle its holder to receive a number of Conversion APAC Participation Certificates 
linked to the relevant shares. If the Calculation Agent is not or would not be able to so convert the debt 
securities or the Issuer is not or would not be able to so issue and/or deliver the Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates, such exercise shall be deemed to be null and void. 
6. Risks Relating to CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects of one or more of CGMHI, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor and cause one or more of CGMHI’s, CGMFL’s and or the CGMFL Guarantor’s future results to 
be materially different from expected results. CGMHI’s, CGMFL’s and/or the CGMFL Guarantor results 
could also be affected by competition and other factors. Investors should note that they bear the Issuer’s 
and, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor’s solvency risk.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
a. The ability of each of CGMHI and the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations 
under the Warrants issued by CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case may be, is 
dependent on the earnings of its respective subsidiaries. 
In addition, CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business 
activities that generate revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances 
from its subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if 
they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state 
regulatory authorities. Its subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries did not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable 
regulatory requirements, or if such requirements were changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, CGMHI’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants issued 
by it may be adversely affected. 
The subsidiaries of CGMHI are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly credit and market risk, 
as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and foreign exchange transactions 
with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services industry. As regulatory or market 
developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading activities, these subsidiaries could 
also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. These concentrations of risk could 
limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the subsidiaries to incur significant losses, 
impacting their ability to pay dividends. Further, such dividends and/or advances, to CGMHI, may be 
affected by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the 
presence of certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen 
in relation to the potential impact of the UK's exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal 
government's indication that it may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, the businesses of CGMHI's subsidiaries. The presence of certain subsidiaries in emerging markets 
subjects them to a number of risks, including sovereign volatility, foreign exchange controls and sanctions, 
and also increases their compliance and regulatory risks and costs. As a result, the dividends and/or 
advances subsidiaries are able to pay may be impacted which could have a negative effect on the ability 
of CGMHI to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants, and consequently the value of and return on such 
Warrants may also be adversely affected. 
b.  The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants issued by it is 
dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL. 
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative transactions 
with CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to Warrantholders under Warrants issued by it (which may 
include the Warrants). As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form of counterparty 
risk in respect of such derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Warrants is primarily dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL in 
respect of such derivative transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML to do so will negatively 
affect the ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants. Warrantholders will not have any 
recourse to CGML under any such derivative transactions. 
c. The military action by Russia in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls 
and similar actions or laws could adversely affect the Group's business 
activities and customers 
The recent action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions 
between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the European Union and the UK. The U.S. has imposed, and is likely

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
to impose material additional, financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain 
Russian organisations and/or individuals, with similar actions implemented and/or planned by the 
European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions. The packages of financials and economic sanctions 
imposed by the U.S., the UK, and the European Union, in various ways, constrain transactions with 
numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, 
and financing to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. The ability of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries 
(together the "Group") to engage in activity with certain consumer and institutional businesses in Russia 
and Ukraine or involving certain Russian or Ukrainian businesses and customers is dependent in part upon 
whether such engagement is restricted under any current or expected U.S., European Union, UK or other 
countries' sanctions and laws, or is otherwise discontinued in light of these developments. Sanctions and 
export controls, as well as any actions by Russia, could adversely affect the Group's business activities 
and customers in and from Russia and Ukraine. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures 
taken by the U.S. or its allies, could have negative impacts on regional and global financial markets and 
economic conditions, including without limitation global energy markets. The extent of the impact on the 
Group will continue to depend significantly on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be 
predicted. 
Any negative impact of Russia's actions in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar 
actions or laws on the Group, including the relevant Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, could adversely affect 
the ability of the relevant Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants, and 
the value of and return on the Warrants may also be adversely affected. 
d. Rapidly evolving challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 
pandemic in the U.S. and globally will likely continue to have negative impacts 
on the Group's businesses and results of operations and financial condition. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected all of the countries and jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
including severely impacting global health, financial markets, consumer and business spending and 
economic conditions. The extent of the future pandemic impacts remain uncertain and will likely evolve by 
region, country or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health consequences, 
including the duration and further spread of the coronavirus as well as any variants becoming more 
prevalent and impactful; further production, distribution, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines; 
availability and efficiency of testing; the public response; and government actions. The future impacts to 
global economic conditions may include, among others: 
• 
further disruption of global supply chains; 
• 
higher inflation; 
• 
higher interest rates; 
• 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets; 
• 
additional closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of 
revenues and net losses; 
• 
further institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of 
the public in and among the U.S. and other countries; and 
• 
reduced U.S. and global economic output. 
The pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on the Group's businesses and overall 
results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact on the 
Group's operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
initiatives, will continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and globally. Such 
developments are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the course of the coronavirus, as well as 
any weakness or slowing in the economic recovery or a further economic downturn, whether due to further 
supply chain disruptions, inflation trends, higher interest rates or otherwise. 
The pandemic may not be sufficiently contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis 
could reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines or weakness 
in employment trends and business and consumer confidence. These factors could negatively impact 
global economic activity and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Group's products 
and services and in its revenues; further increase the Group's credit and other costs; and may result in 
impairment of long-lived assets or goodwill. These factors could also cause an increase in the Group's 
balance sheet, risk-weighted assets and allowance for credit losses, resulting in a decline in regulatory 
capital ratios or liquidity measures, as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels and/or limitations 
or reductions in capital distributions (such as common share repurchases and dividends). Moreover, any 
disruption or failure of the Group's performance of, or its ability to perform, key business functions, as a 
result of the continued spread of COVID-19 or otherwise, could adversely affect the Group's operations. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group's consumer and corporate borrowers will vary by sector or 
industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, particularly as credit and customer 
assistance support further winds down, which could lead to increased pressure on their results of 
operations and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings downgrades, thus likely leading 
to higher credit costs for the Group. These borrowers include, among others, businesses that are more 
directly impacted by the institution of social distancing, the movement of the public and store closures. In 
addition, stress levels ultimately experienced by the Group's borrowers may be different from and more 
intense than assumptions made in prior estimates or models used by the Group, resulting in an increase 
in the Group's allowance for credit losses or net credit losses, particularly as the benefits of fiscal stimulus 
and government support programs diminish. 
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from 
the pandemic could further affect the Group's businesses, operations and financial performance. The 
Group could also face challenges, including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its efforts to provide 
relief measures. Such efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, litigation, including class 
actions, and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such actions may result in judgments, 
settlements, penalties and fines adverse to the Group. In addition, the different types of government actions 
could vary in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions with varying degrees of effectiveness. 
The Group has taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its colleagues; however, these 
measures could result in additional expenses, and illness of employees could negatively affect staffing for 
a period of time. In addition, the Group's ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key areas could 
be negatively impacted by pandemic restrictions as well as the Group's COVID-19 vaccination 
requirement. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic or business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes 
in financial markets, fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and 
corporate client behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and 
changes may make the Group's longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning 
more difficult or costly. The Group and its management and businesses may also experience increased or 
different competitive and other challenges in this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt or 
compete effectively, the Group could experience loss of business and its results of operations and financial 
condition could suffer.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the relevant Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants, and consequently the value of and return on such Warrants may also be 
adversely affected. 
e. A reduction of the Issuer’s and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor’s ratings (if any) may reduce the market value and liquidity of the 
relevant Warrants. 
The value of the Warrants is expected to be affected, in part, by investors’ general appraisal of the Issuer’s, 
the CGMFL Guarantor’s and/or their affiliates’ creditworthiness. Such perceptions are generally influenced 
by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or 
any of their Affiliates by standard statistical rating services, such as Moody’s Investors Service Inc., 
(“Moody’s”) Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”) and Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”). A reduction in the 
rating, if any, accorded to outstanding debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or 
the securities issued by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in 
the trading value of the Warrants. Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any such credit 
ratings of an Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances 
warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels. If a rating 
agency reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of an Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) or any affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market value of the Warrants of the Issuer are likely to 
be adversely affected. 
Citi’s long-term/short-term senior debt ratings are currently rated investment grade by Fitch, Moody’s and 
S&P. The rating agencies continuously evaluate Citi and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of Citi’s and its 
subsidiaries’ long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including financial strength, 
as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citi and its subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the 
financial services industry generally. 
Citi and its subsidiaries may not be able to maintain their current respective ratings. Ratings downgrades 
by Fitch, Moody’s or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact on Citi’s funding and liquidity 
through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and derivative triggers and additional margin 
requirements. Ratings downgrades could also have a negative impact on other funding sources, such as 
secured financing and other margin requirements, for which there are no explicit triggers. Some entities 
may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible counterparties, of which Citi may or may not be 
aware. A reduction in Citi’s or its subsidiaries’ credit ratings could also widen Citi’s credit spreads or 
otherwise increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. 
f. 
The Banking Act confers substantial powers on a number of UK authorities 
designed to enable them to take a range of actions in relation to UK banks, UK 
building societies, UK investment firms and UK recognised central 
counterparties which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any 
of these actions in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of any Warrants issued by CGMFL. 
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the “Banking Act”), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the 
Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (together, the 
Authorities) as part of a special resolution regime (the “SRR”). These powers can be exercised, as 
applicable, by the Authorities in respect of a UK bank, UK building society, UK investment firm (such as 
the CGMFL Guarantor) or UK recognised central counterparty (each a “relevant entity”) in circumstances 
in which the Authorities consider its failure has become likely and if certain other conditions are satisfied

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(depending on the relevant power) for example, to protect and enhance the stability of the financial system 
of the UK. 
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank administration 
and bank insolvency) which may be commenced by HM Treasury, the Bank of England, the Prudential 
Regulation Authority or Secretary of State, as the case may be. The stabilisation options provide for: (i) 
private sector transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of the 
business of the relevant entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of all or 
part of the business of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned and controlled by the 
Bank of England; (iv) writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or 
converting certain unsecured debt claims to equity, (the “bail-in option”), which equity could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) 
of all or part of the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, the Authorities have wide 
powers under the Banking Act including powers to modify contractual arrangements in certain 
circumstances and powers for HM Treasury to disapply or modify laws (with possible retroactive effect) to 
enable the stabilisation powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively. 
The paragraphs below set out some of the possible consequences of the exercise of the powers under the 
SRR. 
g. The SRR may be triggered prior to insolvency of the CGMFL Guarantor 
The purpose of the stabilising options is to address the situation where all or part of a business of a relevant 
entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public interest 
concerns. Accordingly, the relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant Authority is 
satisfied that a relevant entity (such as the CGMFL Guarantor) is failing, or is likely to fail, (b) following 
consultation with the other Authorities, the relevant Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that 
(ignoring the stabilising options) action will be taken that will result in the condition referred to in (a) ceasing 
to be met and (c) the Authorities consider the exercise of the stabilisation options to be necessary, having 
regard to certain public interest considerations (such as the stability of the UK financial system, public 
confidence in the UK banking system and the protection of depositors). It is therefore possible that one of 
the stabilisation options could be exercised prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the relevant entity could be initiated. In these circumstances, the payment of amounts due to 
the Warrantholders may be delayed or Warrantholders may receive less than they would otherwise expect. 
h. The terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee may be modified without the 
consent of the holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL 
If the stabilisation options were exercised under the SRR in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, HM Treasury 
or the Bank of England may exercise extensive powers including, share transfer powers (applying to a 
wide range of securities), property transfer powers (including powers for partial transfers of property, rights 
and liabilities subject to certain protections in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor) and resolution instrument 
powers (including powers to make special bail-in provisions subject to certain protections afforded under 
The Banking Act 2009 (Restriction of Special Bail-in Provision, etc.) Order 2014). Exercise of these powers 
could involve taking various actions in relation to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee without the consent of 
the holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL, including (among other things) modifying or disapplying the 
terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL, 
the price or value of their investment in such Warrants and/or the ability of the CGMFL Guarantor to satisfy 
its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. In such circumstances, holders of Warrants issued 
by CGMFL may have a claim for compensation under one of the compensation schemes existing under,

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there can be no assurance that such holders would thereby 
recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
i. 
A partial transfer of the CGMFL Guarantor’s business may result in a 
deterioration of its creditworthiness 
If the CGMFL Guarantor were made subject to the SRR and a partial transfer of its business to another 
entity were effected, the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred and 
remaining with the CGMFL Guarantor (which may include the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) would result in 
a deterioration in the creditworthiness of the CGMFL Guarantor and, as a result, increase the risk that it 
will be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and/or eventually 
become subject to administration proceedings pursuant to the Banking Act. In such circumstances, holders 
of Warrants issued by CGMFL may have a claim for compensation under one of the compensation 
schemes existing under, or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there can be no assurance that holders 
of Warrants issued by CGMFL would thereby recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually 
incurred. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Authorities have not made an instrument or order 
under the Banking Act in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor and there has been no indication that they will 
make any such instrument or order. However, there can be no assurance that this will not change and/or 
that holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL will not be adversely affected by any such order or instrument 
if made. 
j. 
The Council of the European Union has adopted a bank recovery and 
resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken 
in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk 
of failing. The implementation of the directive under Luxembourg law or the 
taking of any action under it could materially adversely affect the value of any 
Warrants issued by CGMFL. 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set 
of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD was implemented by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the recovery, resolution 
and liquidation of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended by the laws of 20 May 2021, 
of 21 July 2021, of 8 December 2021 and of 20 July 2022 (the “BRR Act 2015”). Under the BRR Act 2015, 
the competent authority is the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”) and the 
resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution council (Conseil de résolution) (the “Resolution 
Council”). 
The BRR Act 2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the Resolution Council considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
In particular, the BRR Act 2015 provides for certain resolution measures, including the power to impose in 
certain circumstances a suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the extent determined 
by the Resolution Council, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
entered into by a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope firm (such as CGMFL). The BRR Act 2015 also grants 
the power to the Resolution Council to take a number of resolution measures including (i) a forced sale of 
a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope firm (sale of business), which enables the Resolution Council to direct 
the sale of the Luxembourg incorporated in-scope firm or all or part of its business on commercial terms, 
(ii) the establishment of an entity that is wholly or partially in public control (a “bridge institution”), which 
may limit the capacity of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope firm to meet its repayment obligations, (iii) 
the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or obligations of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope 
firm (asset separation), which enables the Resolution Council to transfer (impaired or problem) assets 
rights or liabilities to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed 
with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind down (this can be used together 
with another resolution tool only) and (iv) the application of the general bail-in tool, which gives the 
Resolution Council the power, among others, to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a 
failing Luxembourg incorporated in-scope firm (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims 
to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership, which 
equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. The powers 
set out in the BRR Act 2015 will impact how in-scope credit institutions, investment firms or relevant 
financial institutions (such as CGMFL) established in Luxembourg are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
If the general bail-in tool and the statutory write-down and conversion power become applicable to CGMFL, 
the Warrants issued by CGMFL may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity (ordinary shares 
or other instrument of ownership for the purpose of stabilisation and loss absorption) on any application of 
the bail-in tool, which may result in such Warrants’ holders losing some or all of their investment (notably, 
the amount of the relevant outstanding Warrants may be reduced, including to zero). Subject to certain 
conditions, the terms of the obligations owed under the Warrants may also be varied by the Resolution 
Council (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest payment dates may be suspended for a certain period). 
The exercise of any power under the BRR Act 2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of the holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL, the price or value of their 
investment in any such Warrant and/or the ability of CGMFL to satisfy its obligations under any such 
Warrant. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRR Act 2015 shall be in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in Luxembourg insolvency proceedings generally applicable to credit institutions. Accordingly, 
the impact of such application on holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL will depend on their ranking in 
accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors (if any).  
The BRR Act 2015 has been amended by the law of 25 July 2018, which transposed Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 amending the BRRD in relation to member states’ normal insolvency proceedings. The main 
amendment concerns the creation of a new rank of non-preferred senior debt within the insolvency 
hierarchy, which can be bailed-in in resolution after capital instruments but before other senior liabilities. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL pursuant to the exercise of 
the general bail-in tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal 
Luxembourg insolvency proceedings (i.e. not governed by the BRR Act 2015), a holder of Warrants has a 
right to compensation under the BRR Act 2015 based on an independent valuation of the Luxembourg 
incorporated in-scope firm (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off” safeguard under the BRRD). 
There is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments 
(if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due 
under such Warrants. 
Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of significant credit institutions and financial 
groups, in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (the “SRM

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Regulation”), established a centralised power of resolution and entrusted to a Single Resolution Board 
and to the national resolution authorities of participating EU Member States (including Luxembourg and 
the CSSF through the Resolution Council). Since 1 January 2015, the Single Resolution Board works in 
close cooperation with the Resolution Council, in particular in relation to the elaboration of resolution 
planning, and has assumed full resolution powers since 1 January 2016. 
In light of the Commission’s legislative proposals adopted in November 2016 (COM(2016) 850, 851, 852 
respectively), amendments on the BRRD, SRM Regulation and Regulation (EU) no 575/2013 (“CRR”) with 
regards to BRRD provisions have been adopted (the “BRRD II”). BRRD II was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on the 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD must be transposed 
into national law by no later than 28 December 2020 with national regulations having until 1 January 2024 
at the latest to impose specific minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) on 
firms. The BRRD II reforms have introduced the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the “TLAC 
standard”) as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime relating 
to MREL.  
The BRR Act 2015 has been then amended on 20 May 2021 to transpose the BRRD II provisions into 
Luxembourg law. 
 
In particular, the external TLAC standard sets out the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the institutions identified as resolution entities, while the internal TLAC standard sets out the 
minimum requirements applying to material subsidiaries of non-EU global systemically important insurers 
(non-EU G-SIIs) that are not resolution entities. The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard 
requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption and recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities 
under MREL are determined according to the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities under TLAC 
standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the financial performance of CGMFL and the 
Citi group as a whole. 
The BRRD II reforms also provides for the introduction of a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a 
temporary measure in an early stage and new suspension powers which the Resolution Council can use 
within the resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or 
complete suspension of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) 
entered into by the respective credit institution (such as CGMFL). The exercise of any such power or any 
suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of Warrants issued 
by CGMFL, the price or value of their investment in any such Warrant and/or the ability of CGMFL to satisfy 
its obligations under any such Warrant.  
7. Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority in 
respect of Warrants issued by CGMFL 
The terms and conditions of the Warrants issued by CGMFL (the “CGMFL Warrants”) are subject to, and 
may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution 
authority. Accordingly, any bail-in power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Warrantholders 
of the CGMFL Warrants losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the CGMFL Warrants or 
receiving a different security from the CGMFL Warrants, which may be worth significantly less than the 
CGMFL Warrants and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt 
securities (and holders of those securities may be subject to liabilities to which they would not be subject 
as the holder of debt securities). Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to 
implement the bail-in power without providing any advance notice to Warrantholders of the CGMFL 
Warrants.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
a. Anti-tax avoidance directives 
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive (“ATAD”), was adopted on 12 July 2016 
to implement in the EU Member States’ domestic legal frameworks common measures to tackle tax 
avoidance practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid mismatches 
within the EU context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse rule, and (v) exit 
taxation rules. Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to go further as regards 
hybrid-mismatches with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU (“ATAD 2”) amending the 
ATAD provisions with respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. ATAD must be implemented by 
the EU Member States as of 1 January 2019, and ATAD 2 as of 1 January 2020. Luxembourg adopted the 
Law of December 21, 2018 implementing ATAD with effect as of January 1, 2019. ATAD 2 must be 
implemented by the EU Member States as of January 1, 2020. Luxembourg adopted the Law of December 
20, 2019 implementing ATAD II with effect as of January 1, 2020, except for the reverse hybrid mismatch 
rule, which entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
b. The U.S. banking regulators have adopted rules mandating the inclusion of 
contractual stay provisions in certain financial contracts, which are intended 
to mitigate the risk of destabilizing closeouts of such contracts on the 
resolution of Citigroup, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The inclusion of these 
provisions into the Terms and Conditions of the  Warrants could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Warrantholders against CGMHI, CGMFL or the 
CGMFL Guarantor in a resolution scenario. 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules (“QFC Stay Rules”) 
designed to improve the resolvability and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking 
organizations (“G-SIBs”) and the U.S. operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilizing 
closeouts of qualified financial contracts (“QFCs”) in resolution. Citigroup, Inc. and its subsidiaries, 
including CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, are covered entities subject to the QFC Stay Rules. 
Certain of the Warrants (such Warrants, “Covered Instruments”) and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee – 
to the extent such guarantee relates to Covered Instruments - may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act (“OLA”) (together, 
the “U.S. Special Resolution Regimes”) as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved under 
ordinary insolvency proceedings. To address this, the QFC Stay Rules require  covered entities to ensure 
that their QFCs subject to the QFC Stay Rules (i) contain an express contractual recognition of the statutory 
stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default 
rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate becoming subject to any type of insolvency 
proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit enhancements (including a guarantee) 
issued by an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate’s entry into insolvency proceedings.    
c. Acknowledgement of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes 
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event any of the relevant Issuers or the CGMFL Guarantor becomes subject to a 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of the Covered Instruments and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under such Covered 
Instruments or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) from the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime.  
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants contain an express contractual recognition that, in 
the event any of the relevant Issuers, the CGMFL Guarantor  or any of their affiliates  becomes subject to 
a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be 
exercised to no greater extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime.  
For these purposes, “default rights” include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand 
payment or delivery thereunder, and may therefore include the right of a Warrantholder to exercise an 
American Style Warrant. 
CGMHI, as a U.S. entity incorporated in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under 
OLA if certain determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the 
law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each 
"covered entities" for the purposes of the QFC Stay Rules and are required to include the above-described 
acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, are 
eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. The exercise of any 
power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders 
of Warrants issued by CGMHI (“CGMHI Warrants”), the price or value of their investment in any CGMHI 
Warrant and/or the ability of CGMHI to satisfy its obligations under any CGMHI Warrant.  
See also "The Banking Act confers substantial powers on a number of UK authorities designed to 
enable them to take a range of actions in relation to UK banks, UK building societies, UK investment 
firms and UK recognised central counterparties which are considered to be at risk of failing. The 
exercise of any of these actions in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely affect 
the value of any Warrants issued by CGMFL" and "The Council of the European Union has adopted 
a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The 
implementation of the directive under Luxembourg law or the taking of any action under it could 
materially adversely affect the value of any Warrants issued by CGMFL" above. 
d. Ability to Substitute the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants explicitly provide that that nothing in Condition 14 
(Substitution of the Issuer) shall limit the ability of the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following 
the CGMFL Guarantor becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganization or similar 
proceeding. Any substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor could adversely affect the rights of holders of 
Warrants issued by CGMFL, the price or value of their investment in such Warrants and/or the ability of 
the CGMFL Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Section A.2 — CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
General 
The Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their affiliates (each a “Relevant Party”) may be in possession 
of information in relation to the issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s) or another Relevant Party that is or 
may be material in the context of the Warrants and may or may not be publicly available to Warrantholders. 
There is no obligation on the Relevant Party to disclose to Warrantholders any such information. 
A Relevant Party may engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related to the Underlying(s) 
and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the Underlying(s) or invest and/or deal 
in securities or in obligations of any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s) for its own account or for accounts 
for which they have investment discretion, subject to compliance with the requirements of the Securities 
Act. The Relevant Party may issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Underlying(s). The 
Relevant Party may also act as underwriter in connection with future offerings of shares or other securities 
related to an issue of Warrants or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose 
shares are included in a basket of shares or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. The 
Relevant Party may act as adviser to, may be lenders to, and may have other on-going relationships with, 
the issuers or obligors of any Underlying(s). In relation to Credit Warrants, the Issuer and the CGMFL 
Guarantor may at certain times be simultaneously seeking to purchase or sell investments and/or 
protection under credit derivatives or other instruments enabling credit and/or other risks to be traded for 
any entity for which it serves as manager in the future. Such activities could present certain conflicts of 
interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and could adversely affect the value 
of such Warrants. 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise from the overall activities of the Relevant Party. 
The Relevant Party and the directors, officers, employees and agents of the Relevant Party may, among 
other things: (a) serve as directors (whether as supervisory or managing), partners, officers, employees, 
agents, nominees or signatories for any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s); (b) receive fees for services 
of any nature rendered to any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s) or any affiliate thereof; (c) be a secured 
or unsecured creditor of, or hold an equity interest in any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s); (d) invest 
for its own account in any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s); (e) serve as a member of any “creditors’ 
committee” with respect to any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s) after it has defaulted; (f) act as the 
adviser, manager or investment adviser to any other person, entity or fund; and (g) maintain other 
relationships with any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s) or any of its affiliates. 
Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and the 
Warrantholders in relation to any determinations, calculations or exercises of discretions by the Calculation 
Agent which may influence the amount payable (if any) on exercise of the Warrants. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent or between the 
Calculation Agent and Warrantholders in relation to certain determinations, calculations, exercises of 
discretions or judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the terms of the Warrants that 
may influence the amount payable (if any) on the exercise of any Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with 
any issuer or obligor of any Underlying(s) (including but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk 
management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it 
deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the 
consequences for the Warrantholders.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Section B – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Section B.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Commission 
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin 
and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2020 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for each of the years in the 
three year period ended 31 December 2020 (the “CGMHI 2020 Annual Report”) (which is published on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=qpqJWbHpcGy2NzPdMmYyAGvJu+FQRX4xmwPUjXaH+Fc598xDur9/Y1601/
WT3qkaFIdhRxZ1EJ86gpi8XcmW2bOVwwmPGDdn/a2eJkeAD52V0xPg1HHU2VbfCsO8YG9h9VtEsL
mPyZlDSMO8eRRfvlgRRKJmwyYtyW5wAHhcvU95yEhEM7RzwmRnbCUa85TQOrowk0ci+b7kxqkMc
DWDdqyHR7zOVXKrJO1HLV9HIF0=); 
(b) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2021 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for each of the years in the 
three year period ended 31 December 2021 (the “CGMHI 2021 Annual Report”) (which is published on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/1d93ce06-e362-481f-b095-31163994e9d5.pdf) and the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu); 
(c) 
CGMHI’s Half-Yearly Financial Report containing its unaudited consolidated interim financial statements 
as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (the “CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report”) 
(which is published on the website of the Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202209/d40e7faa-d6f4-4e82-9500-cd5f6158d621.PDF); 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 175 to 385 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2018 (the “April 2018 Base Prospectus”) (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_80a02b55-
27dd-4e46-bee4-18f754fdf0b8.PDF);  
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 193 to 444 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2018 (the “December 2018 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6e7728d7-7e17-47e5-a96d-
af9552705b79.PDF); 
(f) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2018 Base Prospectus set out in the 
Supplement dated 4 April 2019 (the "4 April 2019 Supplement") (which is published on the website of 
the Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_590b689b-3f85-4fcd-ae45-
eb7d4ca7fbde.PDF);  
(g) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2018 Base Prospectus (as amended by 
the 4 April 2019 Supplement), set out in the Supplement dated 3 December 2019 (the "3 December 
2019 Supplement") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_688a6d26-c360-4db4-a1fd-
74afc70ad93e.PDF; 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 143 to 481 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2019 (the “December 2019 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_1b42898f-4975-4334-824e-
a0da36b58da5.PDF); 
(i) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2019 Base Prospectus, set out in the 
Supplement dated 9 September 2020 (the “9 September 2020 Supplement”) (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_04e263c8-0ede-4609-
9e1f-4b575b1c844c.PDF);  
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 199 to 503 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 23 December 2020 (the “December 2020 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c6fd1e81-b02f-4f7b-9030-de5c552a6d9d.PDF); 
(k) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2020 Base Prospectus, set out in the 
Supplement dated 16 June 2021 (the “16 June 2021 Supplement”) (which is published on the website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202106/1ca0b335-fc2f-4331-960b-8cc98b9d736e.PDF); and 
(l) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 211 to 521 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 (the “December 2021 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202112/2ace5f93-7759-4281-96e2-1c0f57bcb558.PDF). 
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMHI in 
respect of Warrants issued by CGMHI. Holders of Warrants issued by CGMHI are subject to the 
credit risk of CGMHI, without recourse to Citigroup Inc. or any other party, and are dependent on 
the ability of CGMHI to satisfy its obligations as they become due. 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2020 and 
2019 for each of the years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2020, as set out 
in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report: 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Consolidated Financial Statements” 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Changes 
in 
Stockholders’ Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Thirty-sixth page of the published 
CGMHI 2020 Annual Report 
2. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Management Report” 
A. 
Management Report 
1-30

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
3. The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
for each of the years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2021 Annual Report:  
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Consolidated Financial Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated 
Statements 
of 
Changes 
in 
Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-65 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Fortieth and forty first page of the 
published CGMHI 2021 Annual Report 
4. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report:  
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Management Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-34 
5. 
The unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI in respect of the period 
ended 30 June 2022, as set out in the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Consolidated Financial Statements” 
A. 
Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
5 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
7-42 
6. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI Half-Yearly Financial 
Report: 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Management Report” 
A. Management Report 
1-34 
7. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the April 2018 Base Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
175-215 
B. 
Section F.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
216-250 
C. 
Section F.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
251-265

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
D. 
Section F.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
266-278 
E. 
Section F.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
279-292 
F. 
Section F.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
293-305 
G. 
Section F.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
306-319 
H. 
Section F.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
320-329 
I. 
Section F.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
330-335 
J. 
Section F.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
336-337 
K. 
Section F.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
338-340 
L. 
Section F.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
341-350 
M. 
Section F.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
351-360 
N. 
Section F.14 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
361-379 
O. 
Section F.15 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
380-385 
 
8. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2018 Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
194-236 
B. 
Section F.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
237-273 
C. 
Section F.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
274-288 
D. 
Section F.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
289-301 
E. 
Section F.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
302-315 
F. 
Section F.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
316-328 
G. 
Section F.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
329-342 
H. 
Section F.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
343-352

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
I. 
Section F.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
353-358 
J. 
Section F.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
359-360 
K. 
Section F.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
361-363 
L. 
Section F.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
364-373 
M. 
Section F.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
374-383 
N. 
Section F.14 – Rate Conditions 
384-390 
O. 
Section F.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
391-410 
P. 
Section F.15 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
411-418 
 
9. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2019 Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section E.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
170-223 
B. 
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
224-271 
C. 
Section E.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
273-286 
D. 
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
287-299 
E. 
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
300-313 
F. 
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
314-326 
G. 
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
327-340 
H. 
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
341-349 
I. 
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
350-354 
J. 
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
355-356 
K. 
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
357-359 
L. 
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
360-369 
M. 
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
370-379

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
N. 
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate 
Conditions 
380-386 
O. 
Section E.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
387-406 
P. 
Section E.16 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
407-414 
 
10. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2020 Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section E.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
200-264 
B. 
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
265-310 
C. 
Section E.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
311-326 
D. 
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
327-339 
E. 
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
340-353 
F. 
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
354-366 
G. 
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
367-380 
H. 
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
381-390 
I. 
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
391-395 
J. 
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
396-397 
K. 
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
398-400 
L. 
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
401-410 
M. 
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
411-420 
N. 
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate 
Conditions 
421-427 
O. 
Section E.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
428-450 
P. 
Section E.16 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
451-460 
Q. 
Section E.17 – Participation Conditions Annex 
461-489 
R. 
Section E.18 – APAC Compliance Annex 
490-503

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
11. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2021 Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section E.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
212-279 
B. 
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
280-328 
C. 
Section E.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
329-344 
D. 
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
345-357 
E. 
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
358-371 
F. 
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
372-384 
G. 
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual Fund 
Conditions 
385-398 
H. 
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
399-408 
I. 
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
409-413 
J. 
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
414-415 
K. 
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
416-418 
L. 
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
419-428 
M. 
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
429-438 
N. 
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate 
Conditions 
439-445 
O. 
Section E.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
446-468 
P. 
Section E.16 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
469-478 
Q. 
Section E.17 – Participation Conditions Annex 
479-507 
R. 
Section E.18 – APAC Compliance Annex 
508-521 
12. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 4 April 2019 
Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Information relating to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus 2018 
9-10

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
13. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 3 December 
2019 Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Information relating to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus 2018 
6-8 
 
14. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 9 
September 2020 Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Information relating to the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus 2019 
3-5 
B. 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to General Conditions 
of the English Law Warrants 
22-29 
C. 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to General Conditions 
of the German Law Warrants 
30-37 
D. 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to Underlying 
Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) 
38 
 
15. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 16 June 
2021 Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Information relating to the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus 2020 
3-5 
B. 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to General Conditions 
of the English Law Warrants 
33-39 
C. 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to General Conditions 
of the German Law Warrants 
40-45 
D. 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to Underlying 
Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) 
46 
 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document incorporated by 
reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMHI Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference therein modifies 
or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Section B.2 — DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Commission 
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin and/or 
the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the up-to-date articles of association of CGMFL dated 14 October 2022 (the “CGMFL Articles”). A copy 
of the CGMFL Articles can be found at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202212/177143c4-10ce-454e-b5bf-723f102e8847.PDF;  
(b) 
the up-to-date articles of association of the CGMFL Guarantor dated 30 November 2021 (the “CGMFL 
Guarantor Articles”). A copy of the CGMFL Guarantor Articles can be found at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/d881c587-c738-4d32-9973-
b51fc2ec36f6.pdf;  
(c) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the period 
ended 31 December 2020 (the “CGMFL 2020 Annual Report”) (which is published on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=NPPYz1MpG45eF0Utt525qaUY+F2CTZi165WfV8Rey3F8qpUO2YBO+/Rr75K
S3I5dOho4VmJANeIoHR+RgliNvmmXol6LHBpLevAqdx9bCi8sVnx040kQVjpEyTy/sMaQUFhEo640hal
+ar9ooCn9B0VLL6e3tsSJ7kCExQQi1J2HccbHlBIJhv45lkIWeaCcAT3zfK+BMRU13Esb0cAzaA==); 
(d) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the period 
ended 31 December 2021 (the “CGMFL 2021 Annual Report”) (which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/a8dd2056-9158-413b-b90c-4ceec18de3f1.pdf) and the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu); 
(e) 
the interim financial report of CGMFL containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim financial 
statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (the “CGMFL 2022 Interim Financial 
Report”) (which is published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1041bad33d8e444bf2a10d22c9227e57e0);  
(f) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report”) (which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202107/af4f27d6-cfb9-4148-b6d7-3f50cef22d51.PDF and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange www.bourse.lu); 
(g) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report”) (which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/6766aa1c-1b97-4c56-8681-9b1c6d62e67c.pdf) and the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu);  
(h) 
the interim financial report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 2022 
Interim Financial Report”) (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202211/84255e0a-00fe-4728-a0a0-
0114e6b4be05.PDF) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 175 to 385 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2018 (the “April 2018 Base Prospectus”) (which is published on the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_80a02b55-
27dd-4e46-bee4-18f754fdf0b8.PDF); 
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 193 to 444 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2018 (the “December 2018 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6e7728d7-7e17-47e5-a96d-
af9552705b79.PDF); 
(k) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2018 Base Prospectus set out in the 
Supplement dated 4 April 2019 (the "4 April 2019 Supplement") (which is published on the website of 
the Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_590b689b-3f85-4fcd-ae45-
eb7d4ca7fbde.PDF);  
(l) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2018 Base Prospectus (as amended by 
the 4 April 2019 Supplement), set out in the Supplement dated 3 December 2019 (the "3 December 
2019 Supplement") (which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_688a6d26-c360-4db4-a1fd-
74afc70ad93e.PDF); 
(m) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 170 to 414 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2019 (the “December 2019 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_1b42898f-4975-4334-824e-
a0da36b58da5.PDF); 
(n) 
the amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the December 2019 Base Prospectus, set out in the 
Supplement dated 9 September 2020 (the “9 September 2020 Supplement”) (which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_04e263c8-0ede-4609-
9e1f-4b575b1c844c.PDF); 
(o) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 199 to 503 of the Citi Warrant Programme 
Base Prospectus dated 23 December 2020 (the “December 2020 Base Prospectus”) (which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c6fd1e81-b02f-4f7b-9030-de5c552a6d9d.PDF); and  
(p) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants set out on pages 211 to 521 of the Citi Warrant Base 
Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 (the “December 2021 Base Prospectus”) (which is published on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202112/2ace5f93-7759-4281-96e2-1c0f57bcb558.PDF). 
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or the 
CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Warrants issued by CGMFL. Holders of Warrants issued by CGMFL 
are subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse to Citigroup 
Inc. or any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor to 
make payments on their respective obligations as they become due. 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
The audited non-consolidated financial statements of CGMFL in respect of the period 
ended 31 December 2020: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other 
Comprehensive Income 
1

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-48 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative 
(formerly KPMG Luxembourg S. à.r.l.) 
Twelfth to seventeenth pages of the 
published CGMFL 2020 Annual Report 
2. 
The audited non-consolidated financial statements of CGMFL in respect of the period 
ended 31 December 2021: 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other 
Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-54 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative 
(formerly KPMG Luxembourg S. à.r.l.) 
Fourteenth to nineteenth pages of the 
published CGMFL 2021 Annual Report  
3. 
The unaudited non-consolidated interim financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
six months ended 30 June 2022, as set out in the CGMFL 2022 Interim Financial Report: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Condensed Interim Statement of Comprehensive 
Income 
1 
B. 
Condensed Interim Balance Sheet 
2 
C. 
Condensed Interim Statements of Changes in 
Equity 
3 
D. 
Condensed Interim Cash Flow Statement 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Condensed Interim Financial 
Statements 
5-25 
4. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2020, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report:  
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
31 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
32 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
33 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
34 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
35 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
36-98 
G. 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of 
CGML 
 
27-30

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
5. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
29 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
30 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
31 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
32 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
33 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
34-108 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of 
CGML 
25-28 
6. 
The unaudited interim financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the six 
months ended 30 June 2022, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Interim Financial 
Report  
A. 
Income Statement 
8 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
9 
B. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
10 
C. 
Balance Sheet 
11 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
12 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
13-35 
7. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the April 2018 Base Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
175-215 
B. 
Section F.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
216-250 
C. 
Section F.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
251-265 
D. 
Section F.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
266-278 
E. 
Section F.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
279-292 
F. 
Section F.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
293-305 
G. 
Section F.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
306-319 
H. 
Section F.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
320-329 
I. 
Section F.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
330-335 
J. 
Section F.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
336-337

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
K. 
Section F.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
338-340 
L. 
Section F.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
341-350 
M. 
Section F.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
351-360 
N. 
Section F.14 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
361-379 
O. 
Section F.15 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
380-385 
 
8. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2018 Base Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
194-236 
B. 
Section F.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
237-273 
C. 
Section F.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
274-288 
D. 
Section F.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
289-301 
E. 
Section F.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
302-315 
F. 
Section F.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
316-328 
G. 
Section F.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
329-342 
H. 
Section F.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
343-352 
I. 
Section F.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
353-358 
J. 
Section F.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
359-360 
K. 
Section F.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
361-363 
L. 
Section F.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
364-373 
M. 
Section F.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
374-383 
N. 
Section F.14 – Rate Conditions 
384-390 
O. 
Section F.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
391-410 
P. 
Section F.15 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
411-418

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
9. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2019 Base Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section E.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
170-223 
B. 
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
224-271 
C. 
Section E.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
273-286 
D. 
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
287-299 
E. 
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
300-313 
F. 
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
314-326 
G. 
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
327-340 
H. 
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
341-349 
I. 
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
350-354 
J. 
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
355-356 
K. 
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
357-359 
L. 
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
360-369 
M. 
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
370-379 
N. 
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate 
Conditions 
380-386 
O. 
Section E.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
387-406 
P. 
Section E.16 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
407-414 
 
10. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2020 Base Prospectus: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section E.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
200-264 
B. 
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
265-310 
C. 
Section E.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
311-326 
D. 
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
327-339

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
E. 
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
340-353 
F. 
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
354-366 
G. 
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual 
Fund Conditions 
367-380 
H. 
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
381-390 
I. 
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
391-395 
J. 
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
396-397 
K. 
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
398-400 
L. 
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
401-410 
M. 
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
411-420 
N. 
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate 
Conditions 
421-427 
O. 
Section E.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
428-450 
P. 
Section E.16 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
451-460 
Q. 
Section E.17 – Participation Conditions Annex 
461-489 
R. 
Section E.18 – APAC Compliance Annex 
490-503 
 
11. 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the December 2021 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section E.1 – Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
212-279 
B. 
Section E.2 – General Conditions of the German 
Law Warrants 
280-328 
C. 
Section E.3 – Underlying Schedule 1 Index 
Conditions 
329-344 
D. 
Section E.4 – Underlying Schedule 2 Share 
Conditions 
345-357 
E. 
Section E.5 – Underlying Schedule 3 Depositary 
Receipt Conditions 
358-371 
F. 
Section E.6 – Underlying Schedule 4 ETF 
Conditions 
372-384 
G. 
Section E.7 – Underlying Schedule 5 Mutual Fund 
Conditions 
385-398

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
H. 
Section E.8 – Underlying Schedule 6 Commodity 
Conditions 
399-408 
I. 
Section E.9 – Underlying Schedule 7 Debt 
Securities Conditions 
409-413 
J. 
Section E.10 – Underlying Schedule 8 Currency 
Conditions 
414-415 
K. 
Section E.11 – Underlying Schedule 9 Gilt 
Conditions 
416-418 
L. 
Section E.12 – Underlying Schedule 10 
Proprietary Index Conditions 
419-428 
M. 
Section E.13 – Underlying Schedule 11 Credit 
Warrants Conditions 
429-438 
N. 
Section E.14 – Underlying Schedule 12 Rate 
Conditions 
439-445 
O. 
Section E.15 – Multi-Underlying Annex 
446-468 
P. 
Section E.16 – Settlement On Exercise Schedule 
469-478 
Q. 
Section E.17 – Participation Conditions Annex 
479-507 
R. 
Section E.18 – APAC Compliance Annex 
508-521 
 
 
12. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 4 April 2019 
Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Information relating to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus 2018 
9-10 
 
13. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 3 December 
2019 Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A.  
Information relating to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus 2018 
6-8 
 
14. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 9 September 
2020 Supplement: 
Page(s) 
A.  
Information relating to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus 2019 
6-8 
B.  
Schedule 5 – Amendments to General 
Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
22-29 
C.  
Schedule 6 – Amendments to General 
Conditions of the German Law Warrants 
30-37 
D.  
Schedule 7 – Amendments to Underlying 
Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) 
38

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
15. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as set out in the 16 June 2021 
Supplement: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Information relating to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus 2020 
6-8 
B. 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to General 
Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
33-39 
C. 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to General 
Conditions of the German Law Warrants 
40-45 
D. 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to Underlying 
Schedule 12 (Rate Conditions) 
46 
 
The financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the United Kingdom. These financial statements are also fully 
compliant with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents incorporated 
by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus and any 
applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document incorporated by reference 
therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference therein modifies or 
supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Section B.3 — DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
1 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Warrants remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available for inspection in hard copy form, during normal business hours free of charge 
on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) from the specified office of the 
Principal Warrant Agent (for the time being in Frankfurt am Main) from CGML at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and for collection in hard copy form, during 
normal business hours free of charge on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) 
from CGMFL at its registered office in Luxembourg: 
(i) 
the Warrant Agreement (which contains the form of the Global Warrants), as amended or 
supplemented; 
(ii) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee; 
(iii) 
the up-to-date Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CGMHI dated 8 April 2003 and By-Laws 
of CGMHI, as amended dated 6 February 2007 (the “Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
and By-Laws of CGMHI”); 
(iv) 
the articles of association of CGMFL; 
(v) 
the articles of association of the CGMFL Guarantor; 
(vi) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2020, the annual report and audited non-consolidated financial 
statements of CGMFL for the period ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 and the annual report 
and audited non-consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2020, in each case, together with any relevant audit reports prepared in 
connection therewith; 
(vii) 
the most recently published unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of CGMHI, the 
most recently published unaudited interim non-consolidated financial statements of CGMFL and 
the most recently published unaudited interim non-consolidated financial statements of the 
CGMFL Guarantor; 
(viii) 
the April 2018 Base Prospectus; 
(ix) 
the December 2018 Base Prospectus 
(x) 
the 4 April 2019 Supplement; 
(xi) 
the 3 December 2019 Supplement; 
(xii) 
the December 2019 Base Prospectus 
(xiii) 
the 9 September 2020 Supplement; 
(xiv) 
the December 2020 Base Prospectus 
(xv) 
the 16 June 2021 Supplement; 
(xvi) 
the December 2021 Base Prospectus 
(xvii) 
each Final Terms 
(xviii) 
each Pricing Supplement; and 
(xix) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
2 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the Warrant Agreement (which contains the form of the Global Warrants), as amended or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/p1177%7C25382/documents; 
(ii) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202112/ca87e4ee-da4e-4e28-b8ce-be929c269b27.PDF; 
(iii) 
the 
Restated 
Certificate 
of 
Incorporation 
and 
By-Laws 
of 
CGMHI, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf; 
(iv) 
the articles of incorporation of CGMFL, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/177143c4-10ce-454e-b5bf-723f102e8847.PDF;and 
(v) 
the articles of association of the CGMFL Guarantor, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/d881c587-c738-4d32-9973-
b51fc2ec36f6.pdf.  
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements to this Base 
Prospectus 
will 
be, 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-CitigroupGlobMa/14613, (ii) electronic copies 
of all the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the websites 
specified in relation to each such document in the sections "Documents incorporated by reference for the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus" 
above, as applicable, and (iii) electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus by any supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document in 
the relevant supplement. 
3 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI and the latest 
interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI may be obtained at the specified office of 
the Principal Warrant Agent and at the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg during normal business 
hours so long as any of the Warrants issued by CGMHI are outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report 
and audited non-consolidated financial statements of CGMFL and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited 
non-consolidated report and financial statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified office of the 
Principal Warrant Agent and at the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg during normal business 
hours so long as any of the Warrants issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report 
and audited consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half-yearly interim 
unaudited non-consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the 
specified office of the Principal Warrant Agent and at the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg during 
normal business hours so long as any of the Warrants issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Each of the above 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
https://www.bourse.lu/programme-documents/Programme-CitigroupGlobMa/14613.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Section B.4 — SUPPLEMENTS 
Supplements to the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
CGMHI and/or CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, will in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Warrants, prepare a supplement to the CGMHI Base Prospectus, and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as 
the case may be, or publish a new CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case 
may be, for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Warrants.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Section C — INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE CGMFL 
GUARANTOR

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Section C.1 — DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-
service investment banking and securities brokerage business. As used in this description, the term 
“CGMHI” refers to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Institutional Clients 
Group business segment. 
CGMHI’s parent, Citigroup Inc. (“Citigroup”, or “Citi”), is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi 
has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and 
jurisdictions.  
As of the first quarter of 2022, Citigroup is managed pursuant to three operating segments: Institutional 
Clients Group, Personal Banking and Wealth Management and Legacy Franchises, with the remaining 
operations in Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone 
number +1(212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the 
successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. CGMHI’s Federal Employee Identification Number (“FEIN” or “EIN”) issued by the US Internal 
Revenue Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, 
or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMHI is 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31. 
Institutional Clients Group 
Institutional Clients Group (“ICG”) includes Services, Markets and Banking. ICG provides corporate, 
institutional, and public sector clients around the world with a full range of wholesale banking products and 
services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, 
derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, investment banking and advisory 
services, cash management, trade finance and securities services. ICG transacts with clients in both cash 
instruments and derivatives, including fixed income, foreign currency, equity and commodity products. 
ICG revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. ICG earns fee 
income for assisting clients with transactional services and clearing and providing brokerage and 
investment banking services and other such activities. Such fees are recognised at the point in time when 
Citigroup’s performance under the terms of a contractual arrangement is completed, which is typically at 
the trade/execution date or closing of a transaction. Revenue generated from these activities is recorded 
in Commissions and fees and Investment banking. Revenue is also generated from assets under custody 
and administration, which is recognised as/when the associated promised service is satisfied, which 
normally occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. Revenue 
generated from these activities is primarily recorded in Fiduciary fees. 
In addition, as a market maker, ICG facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet 
client demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These 
price differentials and the unrealised gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal 
transactions (for additional information on Principal transactions revenue, see Note 2 to CGMHI’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report and Note 2 to CGMHI’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including 
market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence; and other 
macroeconomic conditions. Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client activity 
levels or bid/offer spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market 
conditions can significantly impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product 
inventory. For example, a decrease in market liquidity may increase bid/offer spreads, decrease client 
activity levels and widen credit spreads on product inventory positions. 
ICG’s management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above 
factors at the trading desk as well as the country level.  
In the Markets businesses, client revenues are those revenues directly attributable to client transactions 
at the time of inception, including commissions, interest or fees earned. Client revenues do not include the 
results of client facilitation activities (e.g. holding product inventory in anticipation of client demand) or the 
results of certain economic hedging activities. 
ICG’s international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a proprietary 
network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. As previously disclosed, Citi intends to end nearly all of the 
institutional banking services it offers in Russia by the end of the first quarter of 2023. Going forward, Citi’s 
only operations in Russia will be those necessary to fulfil its remaining legal and regulatory obligations. At 
this time, Citi does not expect the costs incurred in relation to this action to be material. 
At 30 September 2022, ICG had $1.7 trillion in assets and $797 billion in deposits. Securities services 
managed $20.9 trillion in assets under custody and administration at 30 September, 2022, of which Citi 
provided both custody and administrative services to certain clients related to $1.8 trillion of such assets. 
Managed assets under trust were $3.9 trillion at 30 September, 2022. 
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of America. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations of the United 
States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was “formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may 
be organised under the Business Corporation Law” of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of CGMHI’s 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI’s authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value $0.01 and 10,000,000 Preferred 
Stock of par value $1.00. CGMHI’s issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is fully paid up and 
held by Citigroup Inc. No Preferred Stock has been issued.  
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or 
resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other 
purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of 
Common Stock standing in his name on the books of CGMHI. At present, CGMHI has a single shareholder

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
of Common Stock being Citigroup Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock. As such, the shareholder of 
Common Stock has a controlling vote with respect to all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. No 
shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s 
common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Election of directors  
The directors of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
See below 
Robert F. Klein 
See below 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
Chief Executive Officer/Chairman/President 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Charles Marquardt 
Controller 
Gonzalo Martin 
Treasurer 
Jason Mercado 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Katrina Basil 
Assistant Secretary 
Donald Bendernagel 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Norma Castro 
Assistant Secretary 
Shannon Hales 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
James Myers 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Ronny Ostrow 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Rachel Stine 
Assistant Secretary 
Christopher Teano 
Assistant Secretary

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Notes Committee 
 
Peter Battin 
 
Gonzalo Martin 
 
Mark Mason 
Joseph Noto 
 
Jason Mercado 
 
Johnbull Okpara 
 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
 
Jason Mercado 
 
Elissa Steinberg 
Shawn Stolar 
 
Michael Verdeschi 
 
 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant 
with respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 
10013, United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
of dividends to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue 
of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the 
holders of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may be 
declared by the board of directors. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre-emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary or 
involuntary, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount to 
which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series 
of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of 
Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of CGMHI available for distribution. At present, no series of 
Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre-emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred Stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, 
and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time to 
time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, 
preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
of such shares.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
HOLDINGS INC. 
The selected financial information for CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries presented below is 
extracted from the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report. 
At or for the year ended 31 December 
2019 
(audited) 
2020
(audited)
2021
(audited)
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Income Statement Data: 
 
Consolidated revenues, net of interest 
expense ........................................................  
 
10,644 
14,172
14,018
Consolidated income before income taxes ...  
1,228 
4,522
3,066
Consolidated net income ..............................  
732 
3,554
2,247
Balance Sheet Data: 
 
Total assets ...................................................  
494,426 
622,515
642,170
Term debt ......................................................  
106,369 
115,174
137,751
Stockholder’s equity (fully paid): 
 
Common .......................................................  
32,564 
35,783
37,825
 
The selected financial information for CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries presented below is derived 
from the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report. 
For the six months ended 30 
June 
2021
(unaudited)
2022
(unaudited)
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Income Statement Data: 
Total revenues, net of interest expense ........................................ 
7,738
6,268
Income before income taxes ......................................................... 
2,283
511
Net income .................................................................................... 
1,863
734
Balance Sheet Data: 
 
At 31 December
2021 (audited)
At 30 June 
2022
(unaudited)
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Total assets ................................................................................... 
642,170
710,216

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
At 31 December
2021 (audited)
At 30 June 
2022
(unaudited)
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Long-term debt .............................................................................. 
137,751
157,747
For the six months ended 30 June 
2021
(unaudited)
2022
(unaudited)
Total CGMHI Stockholder’s equity: 
37,825
39,640
Auditors 
CGMHI's annual accounts as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 
2020 and 2019 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards 
in the United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park Avenue, New 
York, New York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. KPMG LLP is a 
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by the U.S. Public 
Company Accounting Oversight Board.  
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Warrants issued by CGMHI may be used by CGMHI and/or any 
of its subsidiaries to acquire and/or maintain positions in instruments used to hedge CGMHI’s obligations 
under such Warrants, though neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries will have any obligation to acquire 
or maintain any such position. The remainder of the proceeds from the sale of any Warrants will be used 
by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for general corporate purposes, which include making a profit. 
Material Contracts  
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Warrants issued by 
it. 
Corporate Authorities 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of 
CGMHI on 18 December 2017 and a certificate of the Notes Committee dated 19 April 2018 and the update 
of the Programme has been duly authorised by a certificate of the Notes Committee dated 9 December 
2022. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report and Note 13 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report. Save as disclosed in the 
documents referenced above, neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved 
in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the 
date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or 
CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings 
pending or threatened.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial position of CGMHI and its subsidiaries 
taken as a whole since 30 June 2022 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim financial 
statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2021 (the date of the most 
recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMHI and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 30 June 2022 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements 
of CGMHI).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Section C.2 — DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“CGMFL”) was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to 
time (the “Companies Act 1915”) for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, 
L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade and 
Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 
169.199. CGMFL has been established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms of 
funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities in the same group. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMFL is 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53. 
As of 22 November 2022, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million four hundred and sixty-seven 
Euro (EUR2,000,467) divided into:  
• 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) (action de commandité, the 
“Unlimited Share”) held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a 
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the 
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, 
L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven 
thousand and five hundred Euro (EUR27,500) and registered with the Register of Trade 
and Companies of Luxembourg under number B 169.149 (the “Unlimited Shareholder”);  
• 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, 
the “Limited Shares”) held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and 
(ii) by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”), a private limited company, incorporated 
under the laws of England and Wales, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, registration number 
1763297 for one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-eight 
(1,999,998) Limited Shares (the “Limited Shareholders” and together with the Unlimited 
Shareholder the “Shareholders”); and 
• 
four hundred sixty-seven (467) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value 
of one Euro (EUR1.-) each held by CGML. 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of Managers 
(as defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned indirect 
subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns 
enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL’s registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is 
www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website 
should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL, as amended and restated from time to time, (the “Articles”) 
are published in the “Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations”.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as 
manager (the "Corporate Manager"). 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited 
Shareholder being the Corporate Manager (the "Board of Managers") as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Ms. Alberta Brusi, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; 
• 
Mr. Vincent Mazzoli, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;  
• 
Mr. Jonas Bossau, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; 
• 
Ms. Milka Krasteva, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; and 
• 
Mr. Dimba Kier, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
Alberta Brusi is the Citi Country Officer ("CCO") for Luxembourg and Head of Operations and Technology 
for the Benelux cluster. 
She joined Citi in December 1996, in the Italy Financial Control team. She was responsible for the Capital 
Markets business reporting and US legal entity regulatory reporting for Institutional Client Group ("ICG"). 
She transferred to Citi London in 2003 and was given the responsibility for ICG Finance oversight of 
Western Europe, comprising eighteen countries with responsibility as Controller for the Benelux franchises. 
In late 2005 she returned to Milan to become Chief of Staff to the Citi Country Officer for Italy. In 2012, she 
expanded her responsibilities and was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and Operations and 
Technology head for the country. 
Alberta Brusi has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classical Literature and a Bachelor of Commerce after 
degree, both from University of Alberta, and Edmonton Canada. 
Alberta Brusi was appointed as Manager on 10 September 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli has been with Citigroup for over 24 years and has had several responsibilities in 
Operations, Investor Services, product, control and governance. He is a member of the EMEA Issuance 
Solutions team within the Equities business. 
Vincent Mazzoli was appointed as Manager on 19 March 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli holds a degree and a master’s degree in Finance and Banking from the University of Liège 
(Belgium). 
Jonas Bossau has been with Citi in Luxembourg for over 32 years. 
Since 2008 he has been in charge of the Luxembourg Client Executive team responsible for managing 
some of the largest institutional custody and fund administration clients of Citi in Luxembourg. Jonas was 
instrumental in creating and implementing the Global Custody product offering in Citi Luxembourg. 
Jonas Bossau was appointed as Manager on 20 July 2018 for an unlimited duration.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Milka Krasteva has been with Citi since 2007, and has held structuring and platform roles across the 
Equities, Multi-Asset and Commodities Markets businesses. She is currently a Director in the Equities & 
Multi-Asset structured products issuance team within the Markets business. Milka holds a First Class 
master's degree in Mathematics from Imperial College London.   
Milka Krasteva was appointed as Manager on 8 March 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi in 2020 and is head of the CGML Treasury team reporting into the UK Treasurer, 
with responsibilities across Liquidity, Capital and Funding for the entity. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi from Morgan Stanley where he spent 12 years across a number of functions within 
Corporate Treasury including for the last 6 years, where he held the role as EMEA Head of Liquidity. Dimba 
also spent 4 years at Goldman Sachs covering funding and liquidity in the Corporate Treasury function. 
Dimba Kier was appointed as Manager on 17 May 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities 
performed by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans or 
other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to the same 
group (e.g. including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt instruments, 
advances, the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure the obligations 
of any entities, through derivatives or otherwise). 
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g. including 
but not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates 
and warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
• 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, 
and for the obligations of CGMFL; and 
• 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, 
marketing agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration 
agreements and other contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, 
fiduciary agreements, hedging agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements 
and other financial derivative agreements, bank and cash administration agreements, 
liquidity facility agreements, credit insurance agreements and any agreements creating any 
kind of security interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial investments 
or operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its objects as well as 
all operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its purpose in all areas 
described above. 
CGMFL’s Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which would 
constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under Luxembourg law 
without due authorisation under Luxembourg law.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore 
competes in any market in which the Group has a presence. 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 22 November 2022, CGMFL has a share capital of two million four hundred sixty-seven Euro (EUR 
2,000,467), represented by two million four hundred sixty-seven (2,000,467) shares, divided into (i) one 
million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited Shares, (ii) one 
(1) Unlimited Share and (iii) four hundred sixty-seven (467) classes of limited preference shares (the 
"Preference Shares"), each having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-). 500,000 of the limited shares 
and the unlimited share have been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have been fully paid up, for 
an amount of five hundred and fifty thousand one hundred and seventy-eight Euro and sixteen cents 
(EUR550,178.16). 
Limited 
Shares:
Unlimited 
Share:
Preference 
Share:
Subscription 
Price in 
Euro:
Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. ...........................  
1
 
—
—
0.25
 
1
—
0.25
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ............  
1,999,998
 
—
—
499,999.50
—
 
—
467
 50,178.16
Total Shares/Subscription Price ..........  
1,999,999
 
1
467  
550,178.16
Total Capitalisation: ..............................  
EUR2,000,467  
 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR100,000.) represented by a 
maximum of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR1.) each and which may be divided into different classes. On 24 July 2020, the General Meeting 
renewed the authorized capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR100,000) represented by a maximum 
of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares expiring on 24 July 2025. As of 22 November 
2022, ninety-nine thousand six hundred and twenty-two Euro (EUR99,622) of such authorised capital 
remains available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d’entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL’s approved statutory auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) is KPMG Luxembourg Société 
Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S.à r.l.), incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, 
having its registered office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the 
Register of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B 149 133 (“KPMG Luxembourg”), who has been re-appointed for a period 
of five (5) years until the 2022 audit, by a resolution of the sole shareholder of CGMFL dated 3 May 2018. 
KPMG Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
CGMFL’s fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal 
year that started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed an 
unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report.  
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It 
is, therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Selected Financial Information 
The following table sets out in summary form selected financial information for CGMFL. The summary form 
was extracted from CGMFL's Annual Report for the period ended on 31 December 2021 which was filed 
for publication with the Register of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg on 2 May 2022:  
At or for the 
year ended 31 
December 2020
(audited)
At or for the 
year ended 31 
December 2021
(audited)
(USD 000) 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................... 
64,847
96,677
Structured notes purchased .......................................................... 
16,661,236
23,677,222
Index linked certificates purchased ............................................... 
638,470
964,738
Derivatives assets ......................................................................... 
1,142,160
724,857
Current income tax assets ............................................................ 
-
-
Other Assets ................................................................................. 
147,390
21,817
Total Assets ................................................................................. 
18,654,103
25,485,311
Liabilities 
Bank loans and overdrafts ............................................................ 
65,633
33
Structured notes issued ................................................................ 
16,661,236
23,677,222
Index linked certificates issued ..................................................... 
638,470
964,738
Derivatives liabilities ...................................................................... 
1,142,160
724,857
Redeemable preference shares .................................................... 
23
27
Other liabilities .............................................................................. 
145,526
117,266
Current tax liabilities ...................................................................... 
57
46
Total Liabilities ............................................................................ 
18,653,105
25,484,189
Equity 
Share capital ................................................................................. 
627
627

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
At or for the 
year ended 31 
December 2020
(audited)
At or for the 
year ended 31 
December 2021
(audited)
(USD 000) 
Reserves ....................................................................................... 
63
63
Foreign currency translation reserve ............................................ 
41
41
Retained earnings ......................................................................... 
267
391
Total equity .................................................................................. 
998
1,122
Total liabilities and equity .......................................................... 
18,654,103
25,485,311
 
The tables below set out a summary of key financial information extracted from CGMFL’s unaudited interim 
report and financial statements for the six months ended on 30 June 2022:  
 
At or for the
year ended 31
December 2021
(audited)
At or for the six
months ended
30 June 2022
(unaudited)
(USD 000) 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................... 
96,677
3,689
Structured notes purchased .......................................................... 
23,677,222
24,386,840
Index linked certificates purchased ............................................... 
964,738
828,331
Derivative assets ........................................................................... 
724,857
610,529
Current income tax assets ............................................................ 
-
-
Other Assets ................................................................................. 
21,817
155,293
Total Assets ................................................................................. 
25,485,311
25,984,682
Liabilities 
Bank loans and overdrafts ............................................................ 
33
92,651
Structured notes issued ................................................................ 
23,677,222
24,386,840
Index linked certificates issued ..................................................... 
964,738
828,331
Derivative liabilities ....................................................................... 
724,857
610,529
Redeemable preference shares .................................................... 
27
37
Other liabilities .............................................................................. 
117,266
65,099
Current tax liabilities ...................................................................... 
46
42
Total Liabilities .............................................................................. 
25,484,189
25,983,529
Equity 
Share capital ................................................................................. 
627
627

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
At or for the
year ended 31
December 2021
(audited)
At or for the six
months ended
30 June 2022
(unaudited)
(USD 000) 
Reserves 
63
63
Foreign currency translation reserve 
41
41
Retained earnings ......................................................................... 
391
422
Total Equity ................................................................................. 
1,122
1,153
Total liabilities and equity .......................................................... 
25,485,311
25,984,682
 
At or for the six months ended 
30 June 2021
(audited)
30 June 2022
(unaudited)
(USD 000) 
Interest and similar income ........................................................... 
—
—
Interest expense and similar charges ........................................... 
—
—
Net interest expense ................................................................... 
—
—
Net fee and commission income ................................................... 
1,094
793
Net trading income ........................................................................ 
—
—
Net income from financial instruments at fair value through profit 
or loss ........................................................................................... 
—
—
Other income ................................................................................ 
—
—
Total operating income .............................................................. 
1,094
793
General and administrative expenses ........................................... 
(1,030)) 
(747) 
(Loss)/Profit before income tax ................................................. 
64
46
Income tax expense ...................................................................... 
(16)
(15)
Profit/(Loss) for the period/year ................................................ 
48
31
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax ................ 
—
—
Total comprehensive income/(loss) loss for the financial 
period ........................................................................................... 
48
31
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were 
prepared in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance 
with the Articles and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
the Shareholders. 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL will 
be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg, as described in Section 
B.3 “Documents Available For Inspection”. 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme or the Citi Global Medium 
Term Note Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary 
course of its business. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Warrants by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other forms 
of funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and may be 
used to finance CGMFL itself. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Warrants by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the 
issuance of the Warrants have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the 
Corporate Manager of CGMFL, among others, on 8 December 2022. 
Legal proceedings 
CGMFL has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, 
in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus, a significant effect on CGMFL’s 
financial position or profitability nor, so far as CGMFL is aware, are any such proceedings pending or 
threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of CGMFL since 30 June 2022 (the date of 
its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) and there has been no material adverse 
change in the financial position or prospects of CGMFL since 30 June 2022 (the date of its most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMFL since 30 June 2022 (the 
date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus. 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML 
On 11 May 2017 CGML granted a guarantee (the form of which is set out in Section C.5 of the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus) under which CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all sums 
payable by CGMFL in respect of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present 
or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with all the 
charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant liability 
(the “All Monies Guarantee”). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
and unsecured obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred 
debts under applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
CGML. 
While the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under its 
Warrants, the All Monies Guarantee does not materially change the position of Warrantholders as all 
obligations of CGMFL in connection with the Warrants are already guaranteed by CGML under the existing 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not affect in any 
way, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or CGML's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Section C.3 — DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”) is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated 
in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and Wales, 
including the Companies Act, and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7986 4000. CGML 
was registered with the UK Companies House, with the registration number 01763297. The website of 
CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such 
website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGML is XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
 
Position at CGML 
James David Kempster Bardrick 
 
Director (CEO) 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Director 
Francisco Tobias Marin 
 
Director 
Amit Raja 
 
Director 
Iain Plunkett 
 
Director 
Deepak Jain  
 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
 
Director 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
 
Director 
Zoe Victoria Wimborne 
 
Director 
 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any 
duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are significant with 
respect to CGML. 
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as a 
dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as 
providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is 
headquartered in London, and operates globally. CGML is authorised and regulated by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). 
Corporate Governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England regarding 
corporate governance.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders 
As at 30 June 2022, the fully paid-up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$19,998,975,176 made up of 
19,998,975,176 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each. All of the issued share capital of CGML is 
owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas Limited (100 per cent.) which is an indirect 
subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated group of shareholders acting together owns 
enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Selected Financial Information 
The following table sets out in summary form selected financial information for CGML. The summary form 
was extracted from the audited financial information of CGML for the year ended 31 December 2021, which 
was published on 27 April 2022: 
At or for the year ended 31 
December 
2020 (audited)
2021 (audited)
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
 
Income Statement Data: 
Gross Profit ................................................................................... 
4,091
3,497
Fee and Commission income ....................................................... 
1,128
1,470
Net dealing income ....................................................................... 
3,807
2,834
Operating profit on ordinary activities before taxation ........... 
1,318
434
Balance Sheet Data: 
Total assets ................................................................................... 
506,059
451,281
Subordinated Loans ...................................................................... 
10,600
8,600
Shareholder’s funds ................................................................... 
20,767
28,519
 
The table below sets out a summary of key financial information extracted from CGML’s Unaudited Interim 
Report for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022:  
At or for the six month 
period ended 30 June 
2021
(unaudited)
2022
(unaudited)
(in millions of U.S dollars) 
Income Statement Data: 
Gross Profit .............................................................................................. 
1,854
1,792
Fees and commission income ................................................................. 
652
436
Net dealing income .................................................................................. 
1,599
1,898
Operating profit/loss on ordinary activities before taxation ...................... 
381
76

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
At 31 
December
2021
(unaudited)
At 30 June 
2022
(unaudited)
(in millions of U.S dollars) 
Balance Sheet Data: 
Total assets .............................................................................................. 
451,281
517,145
Subordinated loans .................................................................................. 
8,600
9,600
Shareholder’s funds ................................................................................. 
28,519
28,742
 
Auditor of CGML 
CGML’s auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. KPMG 
LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG LLP are members of the UK’s chartered 
accountants’ professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants’ Hall, Moorgate Place, London EC2R 
6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 20 April 2021 and 27 
April 2022.  
Material Contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Warrants issued by 
CGMFL. 
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
Legal proceedings 
CGML is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which CGML is aware) in the twelve months 
preceding the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGML or CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial position of CGML or CGML and its subsidiaries 
as a whole since 30 June 2022 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial 
statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGML or CGML 
and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2021 (the date of its most recently published audited 
annual financial statements).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole 
since 30 June 2022 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Section C.4 — ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report)  
 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report contains several 
APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a 
reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for 
investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations previous reporting periods, please see the table below:  
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use 
of APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
“Net finance 
income on 
pension” and 
“Other 
Income” in the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of “Other 
Finance 
Income” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Sum of “Other 
Finance 
Income” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/sum
mary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGML 2019 
Annual Report 
and was 
calculated in 
the same 
manner 
 
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report)  
 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report contains several 
APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a 
reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for 
investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations previous reporting periods, please see the table below:  
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use 
of APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the Interim 
Management 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" in 
the Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/sum
mary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGML 2020 
Annual Report

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
and was 
calculated in 
the same 
manner 
 
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Interim Financial Report)  
 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Interim Financial Report contains 
several APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, 
(iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful 
information for investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations previous reporting periods, please see the 
table below:  
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use 
of APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the Interim 
Management 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" in 
the Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
"Other Income" 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/sum
mary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGML 2021 
Annual Report 
and was 
calculated in 
the same 
manner

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 Section C.5 — CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 May 2017 by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the Guarantor) 
in favour of each Beneficiary (as defined below). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As defined herein: 
Beneficiary means any person who is owed any sum or amount which is due and payable by CGMFL 
under or in respect of any Liability; 
CGMFL means Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.; 
Liabilities means all the liabilities of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present or future, 
actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with all the charges, 
commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant liability; and 
Taxes includes all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, deductions 
charges, fees and withholdings, in each case as imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom, together with interest thereon and penalties with respect thereto (if any). 
Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Headings are for 
convenience of reference only. 
2. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way of deed 
poll to each Beneficiary that if, for any reason, CGMFL does not pay any sum payable by it to such 
Beneficiary under or in respect of any Liability including any premium or any other amounts of whatever 
nature or additional amounts which may become payable under the foregoing as and when the same 
shall become due and payable under any of the foregoing, the Guarantor will duly and promptly pay to 
such Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary the sum or the amount payable by CGMFL to or 
for such Beneficiary.  
3. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR 
Without affecting CGMFL’s obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Deed of Guarantee as if 
it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will 
its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to CGMFL or 
any other person, (b) any amendment to any Liability or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, 
(c) the making or absence of any demand on CGMFL or any other person for payment, (d) the 
enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Liability or of any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of CGMFL or any other person, (g) the illegality, 
invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of any Liability or any of CGMFL’s 
obligations under or in respect of a Liability or (h) any other act, event or omission which but for this 
sub-Clause might operate to discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be 
assumed by the Guarantor herein or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the 
Beneficiaries or any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
4. 
GUARANTOR’S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
The Guarantor’s obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are irrevocable and are and will remain in 
full force and effect by way of continuing security in respect of any outstanding Liabilities. Furthermore, 
these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, any security or other guarantee 
or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Beneficiary, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. 
The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and demands whatsoever. 
5. 
REPAYMENT TO CGMFL 
If any payment or amount received by a Beneficiary is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of 
CGMFL, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment will not be 
considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Deed of Guarantee 
will continue to apply as if such payment or amount had at all times remained owing by CGMFL. 
6. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that 
any sum amount expressed to be payable by CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability but which is 
for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to CGMFL, the Guarantor or any 
Beneficiary) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee will nevertheless be 
recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid by it to the Beneficiary on the 
request of such Beneficiary subject as provided herein. This indemnity constitutes a separate and 
independent obligation from the other obligations in this Deed of Guarantee, gives rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Beneficiary. 
7. 
STATUS OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of each Beneficiary from time to 
time and for the time being, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Deed of Guarantee 
against the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank 
and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are both mandatory and of general application. 
8. 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONAL 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall be 
conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Guarantor or any other person 
on the Guarantor’s behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating to bankruptcy, 
insolvency, liquidation or similar laws of general application for the time being in force and, in the event 
of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall be entitled to recover the 
amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such 
settlement or discharge had not occurred PROVIDED THAT such recovery is not contrary to any law 
applicable thereto. 
9. 
NO PRIOR ACTION REQUIRED 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon 
it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of CGMFL;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against CGMFL; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of CGMFL, 
and the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of dishonour in 
respect of each Liability. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF GUARANTOR’S RIGHTS 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums and or amounts are or may be owed by CGMFL under 
or in respect of the Liabilities or CGMFL is under any other actual or contingent obligation thereunder 
or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the Guarantor may at any time 
have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of CGMFL’s obligations under or in respect 
of the Liabilities; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the Liabilities 
by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against CGMFL in respect of amounts paid 
by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee shall be made free 
and clear of and without deduction for or on account of all Taxes. All Taxes in respect of this Deed of 
Guarantee and payments thereunder shall be for the account of and shall be paid by the Guarantor for 
its own account prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto. If the Guarantor is compelled by 
law to make payment subject to any Tax and a Beneficiary does not actually receive for its own benefit 
on the due date the full amount provided for hereunder, the Guarantor will pay all necessary additional 
amounts to ensure receipt by the Beneficiary of the full amount so provided for. The Guarantor will 
indemnify each Beneficiary in respect of all such Taxes. 
12. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Beneficiary that it has all 
corporate power, and that it has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, 
deliver and perform this Deed of Guarantee, and that this Deed of Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid 
and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
13. 
NO SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM 
All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee will be calculated and be 
made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
14. 
PRODUCTION OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of, and the right 
of every Beneficiary to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Deed of 
Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained 
herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Beneficiary, and that each 
Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
15. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest and 
penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with the 
execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary against any 
claim, demand, action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees 
and any applicable value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising out of or in relation to any 
failure to pay or delay in paying any of the same. 
16. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision thereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions 
hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of any other jurisdiction 
shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in writing 
(by letter) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, El4 5LB 
England 
Attention: Company Secretary 
or to such other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor has 
notified to the Beneficiaries. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 17 shall be effective 
upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other communication 
which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the place of the Guarantor 
or after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 a.m. on the immediately 
succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this 
Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
19. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Deed of Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.  
20. 
JURISDICTION 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating to non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
IN WITNESS whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed of Guarantee to be duly executed on the day and 
year first above mentioned. 
Executed as a deed 
) 
by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED  
) 
acting by  
)  
acting under the authority of that 
company, in the presence of: 
Witness’s Signature:  
Name:  
Address:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Section D — GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
WARRANTS

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Section D.1 — GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue warrants or certificates (and as used 
herein, the term the “Warrants” or “Certificates” shall include each type of warrant and certificate issued 
under the Programme) of any kind, except that unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
CGMHI shall only issue equity linked Warrants. The applicable terms of any Warrants will be agreed 
between the Issuer and, where applicable, the relevant Manager prior to the issue of the Warrants and will 
be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants endorsed on, scheduled to, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Warrants, as modified, supplemented or completed, as applicable, by Part A of the 
applicable Issue Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Warrants.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Section D.2 — GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF WARRANTS 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Warrants to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market and to be listed on the Euronext Official List. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Warrants to be admitted to the Euronext Official List and 
to trading on Euronext Dublin’s Global Exchange Market. Euronext Dublin’s Global Exchange Market is 
not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants to be admitted to the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF 
market and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro 
MTF market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID.  
As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Warrants may be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to trading on any other regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Manager. 
As specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an issue of Warrants may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on any stock exchange or market which is not a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on any stock exchange 
or market, in each case, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Manager. 
2 
Passporting 
In accordance with Article 26 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Central Bank of Ireland has been requested 
to provide the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier with a certificate of approval attesting that 
the Base Prospectus of each of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
3 
Clearing System 
Warrants to be represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Permanent Global Warrant, a Rule 144A 
Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant to be held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records), as the case may be. 
Application shall be made for clearance through DTC in relation to Warrants to be represented by a Rule 
144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, 
New York, New York 10041, United States of America.  
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) and the CUSIP (as 
applicable) for each Tranche of Warrants will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Warrants of any series are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
4 
Post-issuance information 
None of the Issuers and the CGMFL Guarantor will provide any post issuance information, except if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
5 
Legal Entity Identifiers 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor is as follows:  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (i.e. the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Section D.3 — ISSUE OF WARRANTS 
Warrants will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a “Series”). The Warrants of each Series 
are intended to be interchangeable with all other Warrants of that Series. 
Each Series of Warrants may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) having different issue dates but 
the terms otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Section D.4 — BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently 
in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, nor any Manager 
takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof, except that the Issuers and the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as far as 
the Issuers and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) is/are aware and is/are able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with the first two paragraphs set out under the heading “Responsibility Statement” on page 5. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of CGMHI., 
CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, nor any agent party to the Warrant Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Warrants held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of 
the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934.  DTC holds securities that its participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC.  DTC also 
facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such as 
transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Direct Participants accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates.  
Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, 
clearing corporations and certain other organisations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository 
Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities 
Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies.  
DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC system is also available to 
others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”) and, 
together with Direct Participants, “Participants”. The DTC rules applicable to its participants are on file 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  More information about DTCC can be found at 
www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “Rules”), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a custodian (the “Custodian”) on 
behalf of DTC among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to Warrants accepted into 
DTC's book-entry settlement system (“DTC Warrants”) as described below and receives and transmits 
payments on DTC Warrants.  The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Warrants (“Beneficial Owners”) 
have accounts with respect to the DTC Warrants similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and 
receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Beneficial Owners.  Accordingly, although

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Beneficial Owners who hold DTC Warrants through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not 
possess definitive Warrants, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a 
mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in 
respect to the DTC Warrants. 
Purchases of DTC Warrants under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Warrants on DTC's records.  The ownership interest of each Beneficial 
Owner is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's records.  Beneficial Owners will not 
receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive 
written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, 
from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  
Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Warrants are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Direct Participants or Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial 
Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Warrants, except in the 
event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Warrants is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Warrants deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are 
registered in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co or any other nominee as may be 
requested by an authorised representative of DTC.  The deposit of DTC Warrants with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. or any other nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership.  
DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Warrants; DTC's records reflect only 
the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Warrants are credited, which may or 
may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping 
account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Under certain circumstances DTC will exchange the DTC Warrants for Definitive Warrants, which it will 
distribute to its Direct Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements.  Since DTC may 
only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any Beneficial 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Warrants to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Warrants, will be required to withdraw its Rule 144A Global Warrant 
from DTC. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Warrants 
If a Rule 144A Global Warrant is to be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, the Issuer will apply 
to DTC in order to have the Warrants represented by such Rule 144A Global Warrant accepted in its book-
entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any Rule 144A Global Warrant to be held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, DTC or the Custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal 
amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Rule 144A Global Warrant to the 
accounts of the relevant Direct Participants.  Ownership of beneficial interests in any such Rule 144A 
Global Warrant will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including the respective 
depositaries of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  Ownership of beneficial interests in any such 
Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the 
interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars in respect of a Rule 144A Global Warrant registered in the name of DTC's 
nominee will be made to the New York Warrant Agent to the order of such nominee as the registered 
Warrantholder.  In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to 
the New York Warrant Agent on behalf of DTC's nominee and the New York Warrant Agent will (in 
accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the 
beneficial holders of interests in the Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC in 
the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Direct Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects that payments by Direct Participants to Beneficial Owners of Warrants will be governed 
by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Direct Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the 
Principal Warrant Agent, the New York Warrant Agent or the Issuer.  Payments on Warrants to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Warrants Represented by Global Warrants 
 Transfers of any interests in Warrants represented by a Global Warrant within DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described herein.  
The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer Warrants represented by a Global Warrant 
to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Warrants for Warrants in definitive form.  
Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on 
behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC to pledge such Warrants to persons or entities 
that do not participate in the DTC system or to otherwise take action in respect of such Warrants may 
depend upon the ability to exchange such Warrants for Warrants in definitive form.  The ability of any 
person having a beneficial interest in Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Warrants may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Warrants is not eligible to hold such Warrants through a Direct Participant or 
Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Rule 144A Global Warrants described 
under "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Warrants and Transfer Restrictions", cross market transfers 
between DTC, on the one hand, and direct or indirect accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
through action taken by the Principal Warrant Agent, the New York Warrant Agent and any custodian with 
whom the relevant Global Warrants have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Warrants, transfers of such Warrants between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of such Warrants between Direct Participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment may apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, on the 
other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Warrants will be effected through the Principal Warrant 
Agent and the New York Warrant Agent receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from 
the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee.  In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders and Direct Participants cannot be made on a delivery versus 
payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment 
must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Warrants among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time.   
None of the Issuers, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent, the Registrar, the Authentication 
Agent and CGML will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or 
DTC or their respective Participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Warrants represented by Global 
Warrants or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Section D.5 — CERTAIN BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of “plan assets” of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to 
ERISA (“ERISA Plans”) and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans that are not subject to 
ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh 
plans (together with ERISA Plans, “Plans”), and certain investment entities in which Plans invest, from 
engaging in certain transactions involving “plan assets” with persons who are “parties in interest” under 
ERISA or “disqualified persons” under Section 4975 of the Code with respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain “look-
through” provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets 
of the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each of 
the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An “equity 
interest” is defined under the applicable rules as any interest in an entity other than an instrument treated 
as indebtedness under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features. No assurance can be 
given that the Warrants will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes. The look-through rule 
would not apply if the Warrants or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under applicable rules. If 
a Plan were to acquire an interest in the Warrants, and no exception to the look-through rule were to apply, 
the Issuer would be regarded as a plan asset entity and the assets and transactions would be attributed to 
the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having improperly delegated to the 
Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan’s assets, and the transactions and holdings of the 
Issuer might involve violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, 
as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans (“Non-ERISA Arrangement”) 
are not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar rules under other 
applicable laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Warrants may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
or any party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser 
or subsequent transferee of the Warrants or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by its 
purchase or holding of the Warrants or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Section D.6 — SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Master Underwriting Agreement dated 14 December 
2022 (as supplemented and/or amended and/or replaced, the “Underwriting Agreement”) between 
CGMHI, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG and Citigroup Global Markets Inc in their capacities as Managers, the Warrants will be issued 
on a continuing basis by the Issuer to the Managers. The Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor may from time to time appoint one or more new Managers upon the term of the 
Underwriting Agreement in respect of a single issue of Warrants. Warrants may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the 
relevant Manager. The Warrants may also be sold by the Issuer through the Managers, acting as agent of 
the Issuer. The Underwriting Agreement also provides for Warrants to be issued in syndicated issues which 
are underwritten by two or more Managers. 
The Issuer (and the CGMFL Guarantor where the Issuer is CGMFL) has agreed to indemnify the Managers 
against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Warrants issued by such Issuer, 
including in relation to liabilities arising under the Securities Act. 
United States of America (the United States)  
No issue of Warrants has been, or will be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. Unless an issue of Warrants is eligible for sale in the United States under Section 
4(2) or Rule 144A (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms(s)) as Rule 144A Global Warrants, Combined 
Global Warrants or Private Placement Definitive Warrants, no issue of Warrants, or interests therein, may 
at any time be offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any person other than a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or to others for offer, sale, 
resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person other than a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. In the event that an issue of Warrants is so eligible for 
sale in the United States as Rule 144A Global Warrants, Combined Global Warrants or Private Placement 
Definitive Warrants under Section 4(2) or Rule 144A, any sale or transfer restrictions or certification 
requirements applicable to such Warrants in addition to those set out in the Conditions of the Warrants will 
be set out in the applicable Issue Terms(s).  Offers, sales, resales or deliveries of an issue of Warrants, or 
interests therein, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons would constitute a violation of United States securities laws unless made in compliance with the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. No issue of Warrants 
or any Entitlement constitutes, nor have they been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future 
delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and 
trading in Warrants has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. As used herein, “United States” 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia), its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. In addition, an offer or sale of Warrants within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of the Warrants) at any time may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A. 
Each Manager will be required to agree in relation to an issue of Warrants that, unless such Warrants are 
eligible for sale in the United States as Rule 144A Global Warrants, Combined Global Warrants or Private 
Placement Definitive Warrants in accordance with Section 4(2) or Rule 144A (as indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms), it will not at any time offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Warrants in the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale or 
delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any  person  which 
is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. 
Any person purchasing any Warrants must agree with the Manager(s) or the seller of such Warrants that, 
unless such Warrants are eligible for sale in the United States as Rule 144A Global Warrants, Combined 
Global Warrants or Private Placement Definitive Warrants in accordance with Section 4(2) or Rule 144A 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms), (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, any such Warrants so purchased in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade or delivery, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is not a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser, (ii) it is not purchasing any such Warrants for the account or benefit of any 
person who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser and (iii) it will not make offers, sales, re-sales or 
deliveries of any such Warrants (otherwise acquired), directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, any  person who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. In relation to Warrants 
represented by Regulation S Global Warrants, each Manager will also be required to agree, and any 
person purchasing any Warrants must agree, to send each person who purchases such Warrants from it 
a written confirmation (which shall include the definitions of “United States” and “U.S. persons” set forth in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) stating that the Warrants have not been registered under the 
Securities Act and that, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, such purchaser agrees 
that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell or deliver such Warrants, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person as defined in in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Unless a Warrant is eligible for sale in the United States, any person exercising such 
Warrant will be required to represent that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. 
“Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser” means a person who (i) is not a “U.S. person” (as such term is defined 
under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) is both (A) a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined 
under United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the “CEA”), but excluding, for the purposes of 
subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States 
persons” and (B) a “foreign located person” as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a “U.S. 
Person” or a “Significant Risk Subsidiary”, and does not benefit from a “Guarantee”, in each case as such 
terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA (in each case as such rules may be amended, 
revised, supplemented or superseded), and (iv) is not a “U.S. Person” as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) 
under the Exchange Act as defined herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser is acquiring the Warrants is 
doing so for the account or benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Non-
U.S. Purchaser. 
No issue of Warrants or any Entitlement constitutes, nor has it been marketed as, a contract of sale of a 
commodity for future delivery (or option thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in Warrants has not been 
approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA. 
Each Manager has also agreed that (i) no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder; and (ii) it will only offer and 
sell Warrants to or for the account or benefit of Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Warrants 
in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), each Manager has represented and/or

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Manager appointed under the Underwriting Agreement will be 
required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as applicable). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants.  
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Warrants in the 
European Economic Area and/or for specified periods of time), then each Manager has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each New Manager appointed pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement will be 
required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Issue Terms to the public in the European Economic Area, except that it may make an offer of 
such Warrants to the public in the European Economic Area: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
(a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Warrants which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period or periods beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time, to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural or 
legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation) in 
the European Economic Area subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Manager or 
Managers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Warrants referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Warrants to the public" in relation to any 
Warrants means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Warrants and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland (the United Kingdom) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies 
the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as applicable other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants in the United Kingdom for specified periods of time), each Manager has represented and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Manager appointed under the Underwriting Agreement will be 
required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as applicable). For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Warrants in the 
United Kingdom for specified periods of time), then each Manager has represented and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or 
agree (as applicable, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable final terms to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Warrants to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(b) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural or 
legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) 
in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Warrants referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Warrants to the public" in relation to any 
Warrants means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Warrants, and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom: additional restrictions 
Each Manager has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Manager appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Warrants which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Warrants other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Warrants would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of CBNA or the CGMFL Guarantor, would not, 
if CBNA or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, was not an authorised person, apply to CBNA 
or the CGMFL Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial 
Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Warrants in, 
from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.   
Australia 
This Base Prospectus has not been and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia) in relation to the Programme or the Warrants has been, or will 
be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”) or the Australian 
Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited (“ASX”). Each Manager appointed under the Programme 
has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Manager appointed under the 
Underwriting Agreement will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, unless the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any supplement to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it:

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of the Warrants 
in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and  
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to any Warrants in Australia; 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an 
alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) 
or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to be made to investors in 
accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” for the purposes of Section 
761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia (including, 
without limitation, the licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia); and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX or any other 
regulatory authority in Australia. 
The Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
of Australia or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia. It is not required to, and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be required 
in a disclosure document or a product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia. The Base Prospectus has not been prepared specifically for Australian investors and it: 
(a) may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars; 
(b) may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or 
practices; 
(c) 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and 
(d) does not address Australian tax issues.  
Austria 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above, the Warrants may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 
2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement 
of the relevant offer of the Warrants. 
People’s Republic of Bangladesh (Bangladesh) 
The Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) of 
Bangladesh and, accordingly, Warrants may not be offered to a resident of Bangladesh. Furthermore, the 
Foreign Exchange Regulations Act of 1947 and the Securities & Exchange Ordinance of 1969 prohibits 
any resident of Bangladesh from holding Warrants as the Base Prospectus has not been approved by the 
SEC and no issue of Warrants has been approved by the Bangladesh Bank (the central bank of 
Bangladesh).

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
By the purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to represent and warrant that it 
is not a resident of Bangladesh and, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each 
Warrantholder will be required to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) on exercise that it is not a 
resident of Bangladesh. Warrants may not be offered or transferred to a resident of Bangladesh. 
People’s Republic of China (the PRC) 
Persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves of all relevant Chinese 
restrictions. In particular, Warrants may not be offered or sold (i) in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong and 
Macau Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan region), or (ii) to any domestic individual as defined in 
the Administrative Measures on Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals. By the purchase of a Warrant, 
the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to represent and warrant that it purchased such Warrant in 
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
 Where "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are China Participation 
Certificates, the Holders thereof should note that the terms of the Certificates will require them to make 
certain representations, warranties, undertaking and agreements as further detailed below and in the 
APAC Compliance Annex. 
By the purchase of any China Participation Certificate, each holder of a China Participation Certificate will 
be deemed to have represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that: 
(a) 
On the date of purchase and on each day the China Participation Certificates are being held, each 
holder of China Participation Certificates will be deemed to represent and warrant that its purchase 
of the China Participation Certificates is in full compliance with the following selling restrictions 
and it undertakes and agrees to the selling restrictions below (or if any holder of China 
Participation Certificates is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional 
fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for  the benefit or account of a 
client, such holder of China Participation Certificates will be deemed to represent, warrant and 
undertake that such client has confirmed to such Holder of China Participation Certificates that 
such  client  acknowledges,  represents,  warrants, agrees  and undertakes that): 
(i) 
It is not (1) a PRC Citizen resident in the PRC, (2) a PRC Citizen resident outside the 
PRC who is not a permanent resident of another country or region, or permanent 
resident of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative 
Region or Taiwan region, unless otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative 
regulations and rules of the PRC or (3) a Legal Person Registered in the PRC (except 
a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose purchase of the Warrants has been 
conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or registered with, any competent 
regulator in the PRC) (each a “Domestic Investor”); 
(ii) 
In the case where the China Participation Certificates are purchased by the holder as 
or on behalf of a trustee for a trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and 
the management decision over the trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic 
Investor(s). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case only where a trust's investments are 
being managed on a  discretionary  basis  by  an  investment manager, such investment 
manager shall not be deemed to control such entity for the purposes of this 
representation by reason only of it being able to control the decision-making in relation 
to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
(iii) 
All amounts paid or to be paid by it in connection with any China Participation Certificate 
did not and will not involve moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor 
in contravention of the laws and regulations of the PRC; and 
(iv) 
It confirms that its transactions in China Participation Certificates (i) will not contravene 
any applicable law or regulation of the PRC; and (ii) are not for  purposes of gaining or 
exercising control or influence over the management of the issuer of the securities 
underlying the China Participation Certificates, and  the holder fully understands that 
the Issuer relies on this confirmation to enter into any transactions in China Participation 
Certificates with the holder. 
(b) 
Each purchaser of the China Participation Certificates is deemed to have agreed and undertaken 
as follows (and for the avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the 
maturity or expiration date of such China Participation Certificates): 
(i) 
It will comply with all applicable PRC laws and regulations, including those in relation to 
disclosure of interests and any related disposal restrictions; 
(ii) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer or its Affiliates may be required to disclose information 
relating to, among other things, the details of its transactions in China Participation 
Certificates or the identities of any party having a legal or beneficial interest in the China 
Participation  Certificates as may be required by any relevant regulatory authorities 
(including, without limit, CSRC and SAFE) or as may be required under any law, 
regulation, orders or other lawful request, and it agrees to all such related disclosure 
and hereby waives confidentiality with regard thereto. 
(iii) 
It shall promptly provide the Issuer or its Affiliates with such additional information that 
they reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or 
requests of any governmental or regulatory authorities from time to time; with regard to 
the identity and other details of the holder or the beneficial owners in respect of the 
transactions in China Participation Certificates, these include but are not limited to (i) 
the category to which the holder belongs (i.e., hedge fund, corporate, individual, pension 
fund, trust, etc.); (ii) in the case where the holder is a fund or the China Participation  
Certificates  are  purchased  by  the  holder  as or  on  behalf  of  a trustee for a trust 
fund, names of the fund managers and investment advisors; and (iii) the source of 
funding of the holder. Where any such information is maintained by any third party on 
behalf of the holder and the trust fund, it shall ensure that appropriate procedures are 
implemented with such third party to enable the prompt disclosure of such information 
to the Issuer or its Affiliates on request; 
(iv) 
It will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the China Participation 
Certificates to any transferee without the  prior written consent  of the Issuer or its 
Affiliates, and will provide notice of the transfer restrictions in this paragraph to any 
subsequent transferee. To the extent such China Participation Certificates or any of its 
interest or obligation therein is sold, transferred, assigned, novated or disposed of by 
the holder in accordance with these terms, the holder undertakes to ensure that the 
transferee (i) is not a Domestic Investor, (ii) in the case where the China Participation 
Certificates are purchased by the transferee as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust, 
interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management decision over the 
trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s), and (iii) is not financing all 
or any part of the China Participation Certificates from any Domestic Investor in 
contravention of the laws and regulations of the PRC. Any purported transfer that is not 
in compliance with this clause will be void;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(v) 
It will promptly notify the Issuer or its Affiliates should any of the representations, 
warranties, agreements and undertakings given by it changes or no longer holds true. 
Paragraphs (a) and (b) above being the "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings". 
Additional Provisions for Warrants linked to Shares traded through the China Connect Service or 
for Index Warrants where Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service apply. 
(a) Where "Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or "Additional 
Index Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, such Warrants may not be offered or sold in the PRC or: 
(i) to (1) a PRC Citizen, unless such person holds a permanent residence identification document 
of another country or region, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special 
Administrative Region or Taiwan region, unless otherwise permitted by the laws, 
administrative regulations and rules of the PRC, or (2) a Legal Person Registered in the PRC 
(except a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose purchase of the Warrants has been 
conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or registered with, any competent regulator 
in the PRC) (each a “Domestic Investor”); or 
(ii) to a trustee for a trust, where interests in the trust are majority-owned by, and the management 
decision over the trust is controlled by, one or more “Domestic Investor(s)”. For the avoidance 
of doubt, in the case only where a trust's investments are being managed on a discretionary 
basis by an investment manager, such investment manager shall not be deemed to control 
such entity for the purposes hereof by reason only of it being able to control the decision-
making in relation to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies. 
All amounts paid or to be paid by any investor in connection with any such Warrant may not involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC and all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC must be complied with 
in respect of anything done in relation to any such Warrants in, from, or otherwise involving, the 
PRC. 
(b) Holders of such Warrants should note that the terms of the Warrants will require them to make 
certain representations, warranties, undertakings and agreements as further detailed below and 
in the APAC Compliance Annex. 
By the purchase of any Warrant, each holder of a Warrant will be deemed to have represented, 
warranted, undertaken and agreed that: 
Each purchaser of the Warrants is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration 
date of such Warrants): 
(i) it will comply with all applicable PRC laws and regulations, including those in relation to 
disclosure of interests and any related disposal restrictions; 
(ii) 
it acknowledges that the Issuer or its Affiliates may be required to disclose information 
relating to, among other things, the details of its transactions in the Warrants or the 
identities of any party having a legal or beneficial interest in the Warrants as may be 
required by any relevant regulatory authorities (including, without limit, CSRC and 
SAFE) or as may be required under any law, regulation, orders or other lawful request, 
and it agrees to all such related disclosure and hereby waives confidentiality with regard 
thereto.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(iii) 
it shall promptly provide the Issuer or its Affiliates with such additional information that 
they reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or 
requests of any governmental or regulatory authorities from time to time; with regard to 
the identity and other details of the holder or the beneficial owners in respect of the 
transactions in the Warrants, these include but are not limited to (i) the category to which 
the holder belongs (i.e., hedge fund, corporate, individual, pension fund, trust, etc.); (ii) 
in the case where the holder is a fund or the Warrants are purchased by the holder as 
or on behalf of a trustee for a trust fund, names of the fund managers and investment 
advisors; and (iii) the source of funding of the holder.  Where any such information is 
maintained by any third party on behalf of the holder and the trust fund, it shall ensure 
that appropriate procedures are implemented with such third party to enable the prompt 
disclosure of such information to the Issuer or its Affiliates on request; 
(iv) 
it will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the Warrants to any 
transferee without the prior written consent of the Issuer or its Affiliates, and will provide 
notice of the transfer restrictions in this paragraph to any subsequent transferee.  To the 
extent such Warrants or any of its interest or obligation therein is sold, transferred, 
assigned, novated or disposed of by the holder in accordance with these terms, the 
holder undertakes to ensure that the transferee (i) is not a Domestic Investor, (ii) in the 
case where the Warrants are purchased by the transferee as or on behalf of a trustee 
for a trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management decision 
over the trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s), and (iii) is not 
financing all or any part of the Warrants from any Domestic Investor in contravention of 
the laws and regulations of the PRC.  Any purported transfer that is not in compliance 
with this clause will be void;  
(v) 
it will promptly notify the Issuer or its Affiliates should any of the representations, 
warranties, agreements and undertakings given by it changes or no longer holds true. 
Paragraphs (a) and (b) above being the "Additional Provisions for Warrants linked to Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service” or the “Index Warrants where Additional Index Provisions for 
China Connect Service” and paragraph (b)(i) to (v) above being the "China Connect Service 
Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". 
Definitions 
“CSRC” means the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Legal Person Registered in the PRC” means an entity incorporated or organised in the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan for this purpose). 
“PRC Citizen” means any person holding a resident identification certificate of the PRC (excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
A “trust” includes a trust fund or any similar arrangement where the legal title to the trust assets are held 
by a trustee or legal representative but the beneficial interests in the trust assets are held by beneficiaries; 
and trustee shall be construed accordingly. 
“SAFE” means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People’s Republic of China.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (Hong Kong) 
Each Manager has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Manager appointed under 
the Underwriting Agreement will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Warrants (except for Warrants which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to any Warrants, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Warrants which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made 
under the SFO. 
Republic of India (India) 
The Issuer has not authorised any offer of any Warrants in India, or for the account or benefit of any ‘Indian 
Resident’, either directly or indirectly, by means of any document (where ‘Indian Resident’ has the meaning 
given by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, read with the rules, regulations and notifications 
thereunder (each as may be amended from time to time) (“FEMA”)). Unless otherwise specified, no issues 
of Warrants are offered, made available for subscription or sold pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the rules thereunder (each as may be amended from time to time) (“Indian Companies Act”), the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (as amended), the rules, regulations and guidelines 
made thereunder or under any Indian law or regulations. Warrants may not lawfully be offered, subscribed 
for by, sold to or held, whether directly or indirectly, by any Indian Resident and by the purchase of a 
Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to represent and warrant that it is not an Indian 
Resident. 
Communications relating to Warrants may only be made to (i) persons resident outside India and (ii) entities 
which do not qualify as Indian Resident. Communications relating to the issue of Warrants or any material 
relating to Warrants, including the Base Prospectus, will not be circulated or distributed directly or indirectly 
and have not been circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person or the public or any member 
of the public in India or otherwise generally distributed or circulated in India, in circumstances which would 
constitute an advertisement, invitation, sale or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or purchase any 
securities to the public within the meaning of the Indian Companies Act, and other applicable Indian law 
for the time being in force. The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be submitted or registered as 
a prospectus in India, and has not been and will not be reviewed, approved, or recommended by any 
Registrar of Companies in India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), the Reserve Bank 
of India, any stock exchange in India or any other Indian statutory or regulatory authority. In relation to 
Warrants relating to Indian securities, in addition to the requirements specified above, communications 
relating to such Warrants may only be made to entities which are eligible for registration as ‘Category I 
foreign portfolio investors’ in accordance with Regulation 21(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019 (as may be amended from time to time) (“FPI 
Regulations”), provided that where such entity has an investment manager who is from a Financial Action 
Task Force member country, the investment manager shall not be required to be registered as a ‘Category

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
I foreign portfolio investor’, and by the purchase of a Warrant relating to Indian securities, the relevant 
Warrantholder will be deemed to represent and warrant that it is so eligible. 
Where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as  applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation 
Certificates, the holders thereof should note that the terms of the Warrants will require them to make certain 
representations, warranties, undertaking and agreements as further detailed below and in the APAC 
Compliance Annex: 
The Indian government imposes upon foreign portfolio investors in India certain restrictions in connection 
with their investment in the Indian securities and derivatives market and in their transactions with 
counterparties. In particular, the Indian government requires such foreign portfolio investors to comply with 
certain know-your-client obligations. In order to fulfil these obligations, certain acknowledgements, 
representations, warranties and undertakings are required from the holders of Warrants in connection with 
any transaction with the holders of Warrants in respect of any Warrants. Accordingly, by the purchase of 
any Warrants, each holder of a Warrant will be deemed to have represented, warranted, acknowledged, 
agreed and undertaken that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Warrants are being held, each holder of Warrants will be 
deemed to represent, warrant and acknowledge that its purchase of the Warrants is in full compliance with 
the following selling restrictions and it undertakes  to comply with and agrees to the selling restrictions 
below (or if any holder of Warrants is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional 
fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or account of a client, 
such holder of Warrants will be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake that such client has  confirmed  
to such holder of Warrants that such client represents, warrants, acknowledges, agrees and undertakes 
that): 
1. 
It is not (i) an "Indian Resident" or (ii) a "Non-Resident Indian" or (iii) an “Overseas Citizen of India” 
(each of (i),(ii) and (iii) a “Restricted Entity”) or (iv) a "Category II foreign portfolio investor" in terms 
of the FPI Regulations (“Prohibited Entity”); 
2. 
It is not a person/entity wherein: 
(a) 
Contribution of a single Restricted Entity is 25 per cent. or above of the total contribution in 
its corpus; or 
(b) 
Aggregate contribution of Restricted Entities is 50 per cent. or above of the total contribution 
in its corpus; or 
(c) 
A Restricted Entity is in control of it, except where: 
(i) 
it is an "offshore fund" for which a no-objection certificate has been provided by 
SEBI in terms of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations, 1996 (as amended from time to time); or 
(ii) 
it is controlled by investment managers (which are controlled and/ or owned by a 
Restricted Entity) who are either (i) appropriately regulated their respective home 
jurisdiction and registered with SEBI as non-investing foreign portfolio investors; 
or  (ii)  incorporated  or  set up  under  Indian laws  and appropriately registered 
with SEBI (For the purposes of this representation, (i) an ‘investment manager’ 
means an entity performing the role of investment management, investment 
advisory or any  equivalent role, including trustee; and (ii) ‘control’ includes the 
right to appoint a majority of the directors or to control the management or policy 
decisions  exercisable by a person or persons acting individually or in concert,

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
directly or indirectly, including by virtue of their shareholding or management 
rights or shareholders  agreements  or  voting agreements or in any other 
manner); or 
(d) 
its beneficial owner is a Restricted Entity or a Prohibited Entity (For the purposes of this 
representation the term beneficial owner shall be as provided under sub rule (3) of Rule 
9 of the Prevention of Money-laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 (“PML 
Rules”) read with the Operational Guidelines for Foreign Portfolio  Investors,  Designated  
Depository  Participants and Eligible Foreign Investors, as notified by SEBI circular no. 
IMD/FPI&C/CIR/P/2019/124 dated November  5,  2019,  and  the  relevant provisions of 
the FPI Regulations, each  as supplemented, amended and modified from time to time.); 
3. 
Where an Indian Resident (being an individual) is a constituent of the holder of the Warrants, the 
contribution of resident Indian individuals shall have been made through the Liberalised Remittance 
Scheme (“LRS”) notified by the Reserve Bank of India and shall have been in global funds whose 
Indian exposure is less than 50 per cent; 
4. 
Where Indian Residents (other than individuals) are constituents of the holder of Warrants: 
(a) (i) such Indian Resident is an eligible fund manager of the holder of Warrants, as provided under 
sub-section (4) of section (A) of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961); and (ii) such holder of 
Warrants is an eligible investment fund as provided under sub-section (3) of section 9A of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) which has been granted approval under the Income Tax Rules, 
1962; or 
(b) (i) the holder of the Warrants is an Alternative Investment Fund set up in the International 
Financial Services Centres and regulated by the International Financial Services Centres Authority; 
(ii) such Indian Resident is a sponsor or manager of the holder of Warrants; and (iii) the contribution 
of such Indian resident shall be up to 2.5 per cent. of the corpus of the holder of Warrants or US.$ 
750,000 (whichever is lower, if the holder of Warrants is a Category I or Category II Alternative 
Investment Fund; or 5 per cent. of the corpus of the holder of Warrants or U.S.$ 1.5 million 
(whichever is lower), if the holder of Warrants if a Category III Alternative Investment Fund;  
5. 
It agrees and undertakes to comply with the requirements set out in paragraphs 2,3 and 4 above at 
all times and it shall rectify any breach of the conditions therein within a prescribed period (which, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means a period of 90 days) as may be permitted under 
relevant applicable laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, 
notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, upon issue of any orders or directives to that effect, from 
time to time, from the date of occurrence of such breach. If the breach is not rectified within this time 
period, it shall take all steps as may be required by the Issuer, including, if required, to ensure that 
the Warrant is terminated immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer. 
6. 
It is: 
(a) 
a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the International 
Organization of Securities Commission's Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding 
(Appendix A Signatories) (“IOSCO MMOU”) or a signatory to bilateral Memorandum of 
Understanding with the SEBI, provided that in case of a country where there are separate 
securities market regulators for different provinces/ states within that country, it is a resident 
of a province/ state whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the IOSCO MMOUs 
or has entered into a Bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with SEBI; 
(b) 
where it is a bank (not being a central bank), a resident of a country whose central bank is 
a member of the Bank for International Settlements, provided that this  representation is 
not applicable to holders of  Warrants  that  have been incorporated or established in an

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
‘International Financial Service Centre’, which shall have the same meaning as assigned 
to it in clause (q) of section 2 of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 (as many be 
amended from time to time); 
7. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing twenty-five per cent. or more of its corpus or 
identified on the basis of control, is not mentioned in the Sanctions List notified by the United Nations 
Security Council; 
8. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing 25 per cent. or more of its corpus or identified on 
the basis of control, is not resident in a country identified in the public statement of Financial Action 
Task Force as (i) a jurisdiction having a strategic Anti-Money Laundering or Combating the 
Financing of Terrorism deficiencies to which counter measures apply; or (ii) a jurisdiction that has 
not made sufficient progress in addressing the deficiencies or has not committed to an action plan 
developed with the Financial Action Task Force to address the deficiencies; 
9. 
Where it is a multi-class share vehicle by constitution and has more than one class of shares, or 
sub-funds or an equivalent structure, either (i) a common portfolio is being maintained for all classes 
of shares or sub-funds or equivalent structure, or (ii) a segregated portfolio is being maintained for 
separate classes of shares or sub-funds or equivalent structure; and that in the case of a segregated 
portfolio, the Warrantholder has, in  the  past,  submitted beneficial ownership details in compliance 
with applicable law, and shall provide details of beneficial owners for each fund/sub-fund/share 
class/equivalent structure that invests in India, as may be sought by the Issuer, associates and/or 
its affiliates; 
10. 
The relevant Warrants do not violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any 
legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, any orders or directives, 
which may be issued from time to time, including in relation to its eligibility and permissibility of it to 
transact in Warrants; 
11. 
The relevant Warrants have been purchased (and are being held by) or have been entered into by 
it as a principal for its own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or representative of any 
other person/entity and that it has not entered into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance 
of a back to back offshore derivative instrument (“ODI”) (as such term is defined for the purposes of 
the FPI Regulations and notifications, circulars, rules and guidelines of SEBI issued from time to 
time as may be amended from time to time) against the relevant Warrants; 
12. 
It has not entered into the relevant Warrant transaction(s), or will not deal in the Warrants, with the 
intent of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable under  any laws 
applicable in India (including, without limitation, the FPI Regulations and any restrictions applying 
to foreign portfolio investors in relation to their issuances and/or other dealings of or in Warrants 
with, Restricted Entities, Prohibited Entities and Ineligible Entities (as hereinafter defined)  or  laws  
governing  dealing  in  the  securities  market,  including the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Markets) Regulations, 
2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, together with any modifications 
thereto or re-enactments thereof); 
13. 
It also confirms that subscribing to the relevant Warrants would not result in Ineligible Entities 
indirectly subscribing to or dealing in Warrants in contravention of Regulation 21 of the FPI 
Regulations. 
14. 
It shall notify the Issuer immediately, as soon as it is becomes ineligible for registration as a 
‘Category I foreign portfolio investor’ in terms of the FPI Regulations, and shall take all steps as may

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
be required by the Issuer, including, if required, to ensure that the Warrants are terminated 
immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer. 
15. 
It is an Eligible Entity as defined in Annex A to these "Indian Selling Restrictions"; 
16. 
It is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008 (as may be amended from time to 
time); 
17. 
It has not been restricted or constrained (including, without limitation, by any authority, regulator or 
court), from investing in its home country or overseas, or, convicted of any money laundering related 
offence; 
18. 
It undertakes and agrees to provide such information and documents (including in relation to any 
procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer from time 
to time in relation to its beneficial owners as set out below. (For the purposes of this paragraph the 
term "beneficial owner" shall be as provided under sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the PML Rules read with 
the Operational Guidelines for Foreign Portfolio Investors, Designated Depository Participants and 
Eligible Foreign Investors, as notified by SEBI circular  no. IMD/FPI&C/CIR/P/2019/124 dated 
November 5, 2019 and the relevant provisions of the FPI Regulations, each as amended and 
modified from time to time): 
(a) 
Where it is a company (other than a company listed on a stock exchange in India or resident 
in and listed on stock exchanges of jurisdictions notified by the Government of India, or a 
subsidiary of such listed company), a natural person, who whether acting alone or together, 
or through one or  more  juridical  person,  has  a controlling ownership interest or exercises 
control through other means. For the purposes of this paragraph, controlling ownership 
interest shall have the same meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of 
the PML Rules, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, means ownership of or 
entitlement to more than 25 per cent. of shares or capital or profits of the company; and 
control shall have the same meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of 
the PML Rules, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, includes the right to appoint 
a majority of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions including by 
virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders agreements or voting 
agreements; 
(b) 
Where it is a trust, beneficial owners shall be identified on the basis of the author of the 
trust, the trustees, beneficiaries with 15 per cent. or more interest in it and any other natural 
person exercising ultimate effective control over the trust through a chain of control or 
ownership; 
(c) 
Where it is a partnership firm, a natural person who, whether acting alone or together, or 
through one or more juridical person, has ownership of/entitlement to more than 15 per 
cent. of capital or profits of the partnership; 
(d) 
Where it is an unincorporated association or a body of individuals, a natural person who, 
whether acting alone or together, or through one or more juridical person, has ownership 
of or entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of the property or capital or profits of such 
association or body of individuals; 
19. 
It also undertakes and agrees that where no beneficial owner is identified applying the thresholds 
under paragraph 18 above it  shall provide such information and documents (including in relation to 
any procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer 
including in relation to the natural person who holds the position of its senior managing official

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
(meaning individual(s) as designated by the Warrantholder who holds a senior management 
position and makes key decisions relating to such Warrantholder); 
20. 
It shall not, and  shall  ensure  that  none  of  its  nominees,  associates  or  affiliates  shall sell, 
transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any Warrant or any interest in any Warrant to, or 
enter into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance of back-to-back ODIs against the relevant 
Warrant or enter  into  an  agreement  or  arrangement  with respect to any of  the foregoing (each, 
a “Transfer”) with, any person/entity which is a Restricted Entity, a Prohibited Entity or any 
person/entity which is not an Eligible Entity (an “Ineligible Entity”). Save for any Transfer(s) to a 
Pre-Approved Transferee (as defined below) pursuant to paragraph 21 below, prior to any Transfer 
being undertaken in respect of any Warrant: 
(a) 
the prior written consent of the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall be 
obtained by it and; 
(i) 
it shall issue a written notice (“Transfer Notice”) to the Issuer in such form as the 
Issuer may determine for the purpose of obtaining such prior written consent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall have absolute discretion in 
granting or withholding such prior written consent; 
(b) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates shall have the 
right to require the person/entity to whom the Transfer is proposed to be made (“Proposed 
Transferee”) to provide, and it shall procure that the Proposed Transferee promptly 
provides, the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case may be) with all such 
information that the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case may be) may 
require with respect to its or their client on-boarding programme, policies or procedures, 
anti-money laundering programme, or other such programme (as the case may be) 
(collectively, “Client Identification Programme”); and 
(c) 
the Proposed Transferee shall issue a written undertaking (“Transferee Undertaking”) to 
the Issuer or its associates/affiliate in such form as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates 
may determine. 
For the avoidance of doubt it is clarified that this paragraph 20 shall not apply: (i) in the event the 
Transfer is pursuant to a direct sale and purchase of the Warrants to and by the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates, or (ii) to the registration on its behalf of any Warrant in the name of any 
custodian, sub-custodian or nominee. Further, a Proposed Transferee who has obtained the written 
consent of the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in respect of a Transfer pursuant to this paragraph 
18 shall for the purposes hereof hereafter constitute a Pre-Approved Transferee; 
21. 
In the case where it or its nominees, associates or affiliates sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise 
dispose of any Warrant, or any interest in any Warrant, to, or enter into any back- to-back ODI or 
enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing with a Pre-Approved 
Transferee (a “Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer”), it shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in 
such form as the Issuer may determine within two (2) Hong Kong business days after the Pre-
Approved Transferee Transfer; 
22. 
The Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised to provide information in their possession 
regarding it, each Proposed Transferee, its nominees or associates/affiliates and/or the Proposed 
Transferee, each Warrant transaction and any breach of the terms of these "Indian Selling 
Restrictions" to any Indian governmental or regulatory authority (each an “Authority”) as the Issuer 
or its associates/affiliates reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with 
regulations or requests of such Authority from time to time, including but not limited to disclosures 
in periodic reporting made by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to any Authority;

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
23. 
In the case where it changes investment managers/advisers/sub-managers/sub-advisers (each, a 
“Manager/Adviser Transfer”), it shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer 
may determine thirty (30) Hong Kong business days prior to the Manager/Adviser Transfer; 
24. 
It agrees and undertakes to pay such fees, as sought by the Issuer, in terms of the applicable laws 
(including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, notifications,  circulars or 
guidelines), or, any orders or directives, which may be issued from time to time, including in relation 
to the subscription for Warrants; 
25. 
It shall ensure that  investment (including, synthetically through Warrants) by it, whether directly in 
its own name as a foreign portfolio investor or as an ODI subscriber, or by entities in the Investor 
Group (as such term is defined in Annex A to these "Indian Selling Restrictions") to which it belongs, 
in equity shares of each Indian company is below ten per cent. of the total issued capital of such 
company on a fully diluted basis and it shall provide information in this regard to the Issuer, as and 
when and in such form and manner as may be required; 
26. 
It shall procure its nominees or associates/affiliates to provide the Issuer or its associates/affiliates 
(as the case may be) promptly with such additional information that the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) reasonably deems necessary or appropriate in order to 
comply with regulations or requests of any Authority from time to time; 
27. 
It acknowledges that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, any terms or 
obligations under these "Indian  Selling  Restrictions"  (including,  without limitation, any restrictions 
with respect to a Transfer) (“Warrantholder Obligations”) may result in noncompliance with, or 
breach, violation or contravention of, applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental orders or 
directions, or in regulatory sanctions or other actions against any Issuer and/or its 
associates/affiliates and may cause irreparable harm to any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates. 
Accordingly, it further acknowledges that, in the event of any noncompliance with, or breach, 
violation or contravention of any Warrantholder Obligations by it, the Issuer and/or its 
associates/affiliates may notify any Authority of any such breach, violation or contravention and 
exercise any rights and take any measures available to it under the terms of any Warrant or these 
"Indian Selling Restrictions", or any other measures to prevent, avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such 
non-compliance, breach, violation or contravention, including but not limited to termination of the 
Warrants by the issuer or its associates/affiliates; 
28. 
These "Indian Selling Restrictions" replace and subsume any previous "Indian Selling Restrictions" 
undertaken or agreed to by it; 
29. 
The Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may, to the extent required to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, clarifications, directions, orders and/or decrees 
issued by a governmental or regulatory authority, issue a written notice to it, unilaterally amending 
the terms of these "Indian Selling Restrictions" and such written notice shall be effective and 
deemed agreed and accepted by it when issued; 
30. 
It shall promptly notify the Issuer or its associates/affiliates should any of the representations, 
warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings and material information given by it, 
whether in respect of it or otherwise, be in breach, change or no longer hold true after the purchase 
of the relevant Warrants; and 
31. 
All the provisions of these "Indian Selling Restrictions" shall survive the termination of any Warrant 
which is the subject matter of these "Indian Selling Restrictions". 
The paragraphs above being the Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
 
ANNEX A 
Definitions 
(a) 
Non-resident Indian as the term is defined in Rule 2(aj) of the Foreign Exchange Management 
(Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 (FEMA Non-debt Rules) means an individual resident outside 
India who is a citizen of India. 
(b) 
Person includes: 
(i) 
an individual; 
(ii) 
a Hindu Undivided Family; 
(iii) 
a company; 
(iv) 
a firm; 
(v) 
an association of persons or a body of individuals, whether incorporated or not; 
(vi) 
a local authority; and 
(vii) 
every artificial juridical person, not falling within any of the preceding sub-clauses. 
(c) 
Indian Resident means a Person resident in India in terms of Section 2(v) of FEMA as set out 
below: 
(i) 
a person residing in India for more than one hundred and eighty-two (182) days during the 
course of the preceding financial year but does not include: 
A. 
a person who has gone out of India or who stays outside India, in either case: 
(a) 
for or on taking up employment outside India, or 
(b) 
for carrying on outside India a business or vocation outside India, or 
(c) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay outside India for an uncertain period; 
B. 
a person who has come to or stays in India, in either case, otherwise than: 
(a) 
for or on taking up employment in India, or 
(b) 
for carrying on in India a business or vocation in India, or 
(c) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay in India for an uncertain period; 
(ii) 
any person or body corporate registered or incorporated in India; 
(iii) 
an office, branch or agency in India owned or controlled by a person resident outside India; 
(iv) 
an office, branch or agency outside India owned or controlled by a person resident in India. 
(d) 
Eligible Entity shall refer to: 
(i) 
Government and Government related investors such as central banks, sovereign wealth 
funds, international or multilateral organizations or agencies including entities controlled or 
at least 75% directly or indirectly owned by such Government and Government related 
investor(s);

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
(ii) 
Pension funds and university funds; 
(iii) 
Appropriately regulated entities such as insurance or reinsurance entities, banks, asset 
management companies, investment managers, investment advisors, portfolio managers, 
broker dealers and swap dealers; 
 (iv) 
Entities from the Financial Action Task Force member countries, or from any country 
specified by the Government of India by an order or by way of an agreement or treaty with 
other sovereign Governments, which are 
(a) 
appropriately regulated funds; 
(b) 
unregulated funds whose investment manager is appropriately regulated and 
registered as a ‘Category I foreign portfolio investor’: 
Provided that the investment manager undertakes the responsibility of all the acts 
of commission or omission of such unregulated fund; 
(c) 
university related endowments of such universities that have been in existence 
for more than five years; 
(v) 
An entity (A) whose investment manager is from a Financial Action Task Force member 
country  and  such  an  investment  manager  is  registered  as  a  ‘Category  I foreign 
portfolio investor’; or (B) which is at least seventy-five per cent owned, directly or indirectly 
by  another  entity,  eligible  under  sub-clause  (ii),  (iii)  and (iv) of this paragraph and such 
an eligible entity is from a Financial Action Task Force member country. 
Provided that such an investment manager or  eligible  entity undertakes the responsibility 
of all the acts of commission or omission of the entity. 
(e) 
Investor Group shall include two or more investors having common ownership, directly or indirectly, 
of more than 50 per cent. or common control. 
For the purposes of this definition common control shall not be considered where: 
(i) 
the holder is an appropriately regulated public retail fund; 
(ii) 
the investors in the holder are public retail funds majority owned by appropriately regulated 
public retail fund on look through basis; 
(iii) 
the holder is a public retail fund and the investment managers of the fund  are appropriately 
regulated. 
(f) 
Overseas Citizen of India as the term is defined under Rule 2 of the FEMA Non-debt Rules, which, 
as of the date of this notice, means an individual resident outside India who is registered as an 
Overseas Citizen of India Cardholder under Section 7 (A) of the Citizenship Act, 1955. 
Republic of Indonesia (Indonesia)  
Warrants may not be offered or sold in Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled, 
or to Indonesian residents, nationals or corporations in a manner which constitutes a public offer under the 
laws and regulations of the Republic of Indonesia. 
Ireland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
above, each Manager has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Warrants otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the “MiFID II Regulations”), including Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and 
certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made under the 
MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Warrants otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”)), the Irish Central 
Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect to any Warrants 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the 
Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to any Warrants 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as 
amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and 
guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Warrants, 
otherwise than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended). 
Japan 
Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Manager has represented and agreed, 
and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Warrants, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Korea (Korea) 
Where the relevant Issuer meets the qualifications listed in sub-items (Ga) through (Da) under 
Article 7(4)(5-2) of the Enforcement Decree of the Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act of Korea (“FSCMA”), the following will apply: 
 
Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the FSCMA. Accordingly, Warrants may not be 
offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as such terms 
are defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations 
thereunder, and hereinafter the same) except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, 
including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and 
regulations thereunder. By the purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to 
represent and warrant that, if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the Warrants pursuant to 
the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the number of offerees of

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
the Warrants in Korea or the number of such offerees who are residents in Korea shall be less than fifty 
and for a period of one year from the issue date of an issue of Warrants, no holder of the Warrants may 
transfer the Warrants in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea unless such 
transfer involves all of the Warrants held by it. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in cases where 
Warrants are derivative-linked securities as defined under the FSCMA, they must be offered or sold 
through the underwriting or brokerage of a qualified Korean financial investment company only to certain 
professional investors as prescribed under sub-item (Ra) of Article 7(4)(5-2) under the Enforcement 
Decree of the FSCMA. 
Where the relevant Issuer does not meet the qualifications listed in sub-items (Ga) through 
(Da) of Article 7(4)(5-2) under the Enforcement Decree of the FSCMA, the following will apply: 
 
Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the FSCMA. Accordingly, Warrants may not be 
offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as such terms 
are defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations 
thereunder, and hereinafter the same) except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea, 
including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and 
regulations thereunder. By the purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to 
represent and warrant that, if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the Warrants pursuant to 
the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the number of offerees of 
Warrants in Korea or the number of such offerees who are residents in Korea shall be less than fifty and 
for a period of one year from the issue date of an issue of Warrants, no holder of the Warrants may transfer 
the Warrants in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea unless such transfer 
involves all of the Warrants held by it. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in cases where Warrants 
are derivative-linked securities defined under the FSCMA, they may not be offered or sold to any resident 
of Korea. 
Malaysia 
Warrants have not been, and will not be, registered with the Securities Commission Malaysia (“SC”) or 
with any other applicable regulatory authority in Malaysia. The Base Prospectus has also not been, and 
will not be, lodged with the SC or any other applicable regulatory authority in Malaysia. Accordingly, 
Warrants may not be made available, offered for subscription or purchase, or be made the subject of an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase such Warrants (“Making Available”), in Malaysia except pursuant 
to an exemption from the Making Available requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, applicable 
laws and regulations of Malaysia. 
Islamic Republic of Pakistan (Pakistan) 
Under the laws of Pakistan, no person may make an offer to sell Warrants to the public in Pakistan unless 
the prospectus offering such Warrants has been approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission 
of Pakistan. 
By the purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as 
applicable) that it is not a corporate person which is a resident of Pakistan (a “Prohibited Investor”) and 
that the Warrants will not be offered or transferred to a Prohibited Investor and, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Warrantholder will be required to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) 
on exercise that it is not a Prohibited Investor.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Notwithstanding the above, a corporate entity, which is a resident of Pakistan, may be permitted to 
purchase Warrants if it has obtained special permission from the State Bank of Pakistan authorising the 
purchase and payment of foreign currency, by the corporate entity, as may be required as a result of the 
purchase of Warrants by such corporate entity.  
The Philippines 
THE WARRANTS BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES REGULATION CODE OF 
THE PHILIPPINES. ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE THEREOF IN THE PHILIPPINES IS SUBJECT TO 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE CODE UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR SALE QUALIFIES 
AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION. 
Accordingly, by the purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder: 
1. 
will be deemed to acknowledge that the issue of, offer for subscription or purchase of, or invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase, such Warrant may only be made directly or indirectly to persons outside 
the Philippines and accordingly confirms that it is not a resident of or located in the Philippines;  
2. 
will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not offered, sold or issued 
an invitation to purchase or subscribe and will not offer, sell or issue an invitation to purchase or 
subscribe, Warrants directly or indirectly to any persons in the Philippines; and  
3. 
will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not circulated or 
distributed and will not circulate and distribute this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue Terms 
or any other document or materials relating to Warrants directly or indirectly to any persons in the 
Philippines. 
Warrants may not be offered or transferred to a resident of or any person in the Philippines. 
Republic of Singapore (Singapore) 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, Warrants may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Warrants be circulated or distributed, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Warrants are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
then the securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interests (howsoever described) in that trust shall

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the relevant Warrants 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
Saudi Arabia 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms may be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing 
Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. The Capital Market Authority does not make any 
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms, and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part 
of the Base Prospectus or Issue Terms. Prospective purchasers of the Warrants should conduct their own 
due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Warrants. If you do not understand the 
contents of the Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
Where the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Saudi Participation Certificates, 
then by the purchase of a Certificate, each Certificateholder shall be deemed to acknowledge and 
represent that the purpose of the Certificates is to secure a profit or avoid a loss by reference to fluctuations 
in the price of the underlying Shares. 
Accordingly, it is a term of Saudi Participation Certificates that: 
(i) 
none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Certificateholder 
shall acquire any interest in (including, without limitation, voting rights) or right to acquire or 
dispose of any underlying Shares by virtue of the issue or purchase of a Certificate, as applicable; 
(ii) 
neither the Issuer nor any Certificateholder is obliged to sell, purchase, hold, deliver or receive 
any underlying Shares or to act in any specific manner in respect of any corporate action relating 
to any underlying Share; and 
(iii) 
the primary right and obligation of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and Certificateholders is to receive  and/or make the respective payments of cash 
thereunder, as applicable. 
Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (Sri Lanka) 
Warrants are not eligible for sale to Sri Lankan entities or natural persons unless such Sri Lankan entities 
or natural persons have obtained the prior approval of the Foreign Exchange Department of the Central 
Bank of Sri Lanka to purchase Warrants. Obtaining any such prior approval of the Foreign Exchange 
Department of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka will be the sole responsibility of a Warrantholder and by the 
purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder will be deemed to have represented and warranted that 
(i) it is not a Sri Lankan entity or natural person or (ii) if it is a Sri Lankan Entity or natural person. it has 
been granted approval by the Foreign Exchange Department of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka to purchase

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
the relevant Warrants and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Warrantholder will be 
required to so represent and warrant on exercise. 
Sweden  
The Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of securities in 
Sweden. Accordingly, in addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled “European Economic 
Area” above, the Warrants, including Swedish Warrants, issued under the Programme may not be offered 
or sold to the public in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other 
prospectus, circular, form of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, distributed, 
or otherwise made available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offer of securities to the public, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with 
the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and all other applicable legislation and regulation in 
Sweden. 
Switzerland 
Each Manager has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Manager appointed under 
the Underwriting Agreement and each other offeror will be required to represent and/or agree (as 
applicable that it has not offered and will not offer Warrants to the public in Switzerland, and have not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Warrants, which shall not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”), other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of FINSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. For these purposes “public offer” refers to the 
respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as further detailed in the implementing Financial 
Services Ordinance (“FinSO”). 
If Warrants qualifying as debt instruments with a “derivative character” (as such expression is understood 
under FinSA) are offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a 
key information document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 
59(2) FinSA in respect of such Warrants must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, 
no key information document is required for Warrants that may only be acquired for private clients under 
an asset management agreement. Other than where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the “Prohibition 
of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland” to be “Applicable” other than with respect to the period(s) of time 
specified therein, with respect to such period(s), the Warrants may not be offered or recommended to 
private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a 
person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA 
(not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as 
defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to 
Article 58(2) FinSA. For these purposes “offer” refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the “Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland” to 
be “Applicable” other than with respect to the duration of the applicable transition period under FinSA and 
FinSO, if the Warrants qualify as structured products within the meaning of Article 70 FinSA and only a 
simplified prospectus pursuant to Article 5 of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes 
(“CISA”), as such article was in effect immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared 
based on the transitional provision of Article 111 FinSO, the “Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland” as described above shall automatically apply as from the expiry of the applicable transition 
period.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
The Warrants do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the 
CISA and are not subject to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, 
and investors in the Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss 
regulatory authority. 
Taiwan 
The Warrants have not been and will not be approved for sale by the Financial Supervisory Commission 
of Taiwan. The Warrants are not permitted to be sold, offered or issued in Taiwan and are not permitted to 
be made available to Taiwan resident investors except (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors 
outside Taiwan or (ii) where applicable, through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to 
make Warrants available to their customers under applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations. Each 
subscriber or purchaser of Warrants must seek professional advice as to whether he/she/it is qualified to 
subscribe to or purchase Warrants and represents and warrants that he/she/it is duly qualified to subscribe 
to or purchase Warrants under applicable Taiwan laws and regulations. Purchasers/ subscribers may be 
restricted or prohibited from re-selling Warrants. 
Where "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Taiwan 
Participation Certificates, the Holders thereof should note that the terms of the Certificates will require them 
to make certain representations, warranties, undertaking and agreements as further detailed below and 
the APAC Compliance Annex: 
"By the purchase of any Warrant, each Warrantholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, 
undertaken and agreed that: 
(A) 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Warrants are being held, each holder of the Warrants 
will be deemed to represent and warrant that its purchase of the Warrants is in full compliance 
with the following selling restrictions and it undertakes and agrees to the selling restrictions below 
(or if any holder of the Warrants is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional 
fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held  for  the  benefit  or  account  
of  a  client,  such  holder  of  the  Warrants  will  be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake 
that such client has confirmed to such Holder of the Warrants that such client acknowledges, 
represents, warrants, agrees and undertakes that): 
1. 
it is not, and it is not purchasing the Warrants for the benefit or account of (1) a person with 
household registration in, or an entity(ies) incorporated in the PRC (collectively, PRC 
Person), (2) an entity(ies) incorporated outside the PRC (including an entity(ies) 
incorporated in Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan) that is controlled by a PRC Person(s) or  (3)  
an  entity(ies) incorporated outside the PRC  (including an entity(ies) incorporated in Hong 
Kong, Macau or Taiwan) which is more than thirty per cent. (30%) owned, directly or 
indirectly, by a PRC Person(s). 
2. 
it is not purchasing the Warrants utilising funds sourced from the PRC or Taiwan. 
3. 
when purchasing the Warrants, it is not (1) an Insider or (2) the spouse or minor child of an 
Insider or (3) a person or entity which would be deemed to be a "nominee" of an Insider. 
(B) 
Each purchaser of the Warrants is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration 
date of the relevant Warrants):

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
1. 
It authorises, instructs and empowers the Issuer and its Affiliates to submit all such 
information and file all such reports with the regulatory authorities of Taiwan regarding the 
Warrantholder, the Warrants, or otherwise, as may be required by the Taiwan Regulations 
Governing Investments in Securities by Overseas Chinese and Foreign Nationals or 
otherwise as  may  reasonably  be  requested  by  Taiwan  authorities; 
2. 
It undertakes and agrees that it will provide the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or, to the extent 
permitted by the relevant governmental or regulatory authority, provide directly to such 
governmental or regulatory authority, such additional information, from time to time, that 
the Issuer or its Affiliates deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with any 
request by any governmental or regulatory authority or the court of competent authority or 
if so required under applicable regulations in Taiwan; and 
3. 
It waives any objection such Warrantholder may have with respect to 1 or 2 immediately 
above on the grounds of confidentiality or otherwise. 
Paragraphs (A) and (B) being the "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
Insider means a shareholder holding directly, or indirectly through nominees, their spouse or minor 
children, more than ten per cent. (10%) of the shares issued by, or a director, supervisor or manager of, a 
Taiwan company the shares of which are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange and 
which constitute an Underlying in respect of the Warrants. 
PRC means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Taiwan, for this purpose). 
Kingdom of Thailand (Thailand) 
Warrants have not been and will not be filed with the Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
of Thailand. Warrants are not permitted to be sold, offered or issued in Thailand and are not permitted to 
be made available to Thai resident investors except (i) outside Thailand for purchase by such investors 
outside Thailand or (ii) through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to make Warrants 
available to their Thai clients under applicable laws and regulations of Thailand. The Base Prospectus and 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale of the Warrants have not been 
circulated,  distributed or advertised, and will not be circulated, distributed or advertised, to investors in 
Thailand for the purpose of offering and sale of the Warrants or an invitation or solicitation for subscription 
or purchase of the Warrants in Thailand, unless permitted by applicable laws and regulations. By the 
purchase of a Warrant, each Warrantholder shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that the 
offering of such Warrants was made to them outside of Thailand or where applicable, through properly 
licensed intermediaries. 
Socialist Republic of Vietnam (Vietnam) 
Warrants will not be offered or transferred in the territory of Vietnam to any Vietnamese citizen or any 
foreign exchange resident of Vietnam and by the purchase of a Warrant, the relevant Warrantholder shall 
be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that it is not a Vietnamese citizen or foreign 
exchange resident of Vietnam and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Warrantholder will 
be required to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) on exercise that it is not a Vietnamese citizen or 
foreign exchange resident of Vietnam.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) and the relevant Managers. Any such amendment will be set out in either the 
subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued 
in respect of the issue of Warrants to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be. 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or any Manager that would permit a public offering of any 
Warrants or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Warrants in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Warrants, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Warrants, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will 
not impose any obligation on CGMHI, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Manager. 
Each Manager has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Warrants or has in its possession or distributes 
this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and 
none of CGMHI, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor nor any other Manager shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Section D.7 — TAXATION OF WARRANTS 
General 
Purchasers of Warrants may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each 
Warrant. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING WARRANTS MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR POTENTIAL 
PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE STATUS OF THE 
POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND REGISTRATION TAXES. 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT 
OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING WARRANTS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS. IN 
PARTICULAR, WARRANTHOLDERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THE TAX LEGISLATION OF A 
JURISDICTION WHERE A WARRANTHOLDER IS RESIDENT OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO 
TAXATION (AS WELL AS THE JURISDICTIONS DISCUSSED BELOW) MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE WARRANTS, INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF 
ANY INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE WARRANTS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, do not accept responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. This should be read in 
conjunction with General Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions. 
References in this Section D.7 to a “Member State” shall be to a Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following relates only to the position of individuals who are the beneficial owners of Warrants 
and is a summary of the Issuers’ understanding of current United Kingdom tax law as applied in 
England and Wales and United Kingdom HM Revenue & Customs practice (which may not be 
binding on HM Revenue & Customs), in each case as at the latest practicable date before the date 
of this Base Prospectus, and relating to United Kingdom stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax 
(“SDRT”) and United Kingdom withholding tax only. The comments assume that interest on the 
Warrants does not have a United Kingdom source and, in particular, that the Issuer is not United 
Kingdom resident and does not act through a permanent establishment in the United Kingdom in 
relation to the Warrants. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Warrantholders depends 
on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. The precise tax 
treatment of a holder of a Warrant will also depend for each issue on the terms of the Warrant, as 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Warrant as amended and supplemented by the 
applicable Final Terms. Prospective Warrantholders who may be unsure as to their tax position 
should seek their own professional advice. In particular, Warrantholders should be aware that the 
tax legislation of a jurisdiction where a Warrantholder is resident or otherwise subject to taxation 
may have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the Warrants, including in respect 
of any income received from the Warrants. 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should note that the Warrants, may be subject to United Kingdom 
stamp duty if they are executed in the United Kingdom or if they relate to any property situate, or to any 
matter or thing done or to be done, in the United Kingdom. 
Even if an instrument is subject to United Kingdom stamp duty there may be no practical necessity to pay 
that stamp duty, as United Kingdom stamp duty is not an assessable tax. However, an instrument which

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
is not duly stamped cannot be used for certain purposes in the United Kingdom; for example, it will be 
inadmissible in evidence in civil proceedings in a United Kingdom court. 
In the event that an instrument is subject to United Kingdom stamp duty, and it becomes necessary to pay 
that stamp duty (for example because this is necessary in order to enforce the document in the United 
Kingdom), interest will be payable (in addition to the stamp duty) in respect of the period from 30 days after 
the date of execution of the instrument to the date of payment of the stamp duty. Penalties may also be 
payable if either an instrument which was executed in the United Kingdom is not stamped within 30 days 
of being executed or an instrument which was executed outside the United Kingdom is not stamped within 
30 days of first being brought into the United Kingdom. In the case of a Global Warrant, if any United 
Kingdom stamp duty is required to be paid, it would be payable at a rate of 0.5 per cent. by reference to 
the amount of consideration given for the Warrants represented by that Global Warrant. In the case of a 
Definitive Warrant, if any United Kingdom stamp duty is required to be paid, it would be payable at a rate 
of 0.5 per cent. by reference to the amount of consideration given for the Definitive Warrant. 
No United Kingdom stamp duty should be required to be paid on the transfer of any Warrants within a 
clearance service provided no instrument is used to complete the transfer. No SDRT should be payable 
on the transfer of any Warrants within a clearance service provided that no election has been made under 
which the alternative system of charge (as provided for in section 97A Finance Act 1986) applies to the 
Warrants. 
In certain cases, stamp duty or SDRT may be payable on the transfer of a Warrant outside of a clearance 
service at the rate of 0.5 per cent. by reference to the amount of consideration given for the Warrant. 
No SDRT is payable on the issue into a clearance service of a Global Warrant. 
No stamp duty or SDRT should be payable on the exercise of Cash Settled Warrants. However, stamp 
duty and SDRT may be payable in relation to the exercise of a Physical Delivery Warrant. 
General Condition 12 (“Expenses and Taxation”) on page 247 for English Law Warrants and page 295 for 
German Law Warrants should be considered carefully by all prospective purchasers of the relevant 
Warrants. 
Interest on the Warrants 
Payments of interest on the Warrants by the Issuers may be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
Payments in respect of the Guarantee 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the Guarantor under the terms of the 
Guarantee in respect of interest on the Warrants is uncertain. Accordingly, if the Guarantor makes any 
such payments, these may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.). 
United States Federal Tax Considerations  
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences that may be 
relevant to the purchase, ownership and disposition of instruments that may be issued pursuant to the 
Programme (each a “Warrant” for purposes of this tax discussion, whether referred to elsewhere as a 
Warrant or Certificate). This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax 
consequences that may be relevant to the decision to purchase the Warrants by any particular investor, 
including tax consequences that arise from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes 
of taxpayers or that are generally believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not 
address the tax consequences to (i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
income tax law, such as banks, insurance companies, thrift institutions, regulated investment companies, 
real estate investment trusts, tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark to market 
for tax purposes and dealers in securities, (ii) persons that will hold the Warrants as part of a "straddle", 
"hedging", "conversion" or other integrated investment transaction or a constructive sale for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (iii) U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, 
(iv) Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) who recognise gain in respect of a Warrant in a taxable year in 
which the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, (v) persons that do not 
hold the Warrants as capital assets, or (vi) except where the context indicates otherwise, persons that did 
not purchase the Warrants for cash in the initial offering. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Accordingly, this 
summary does not address alternative minimum tax consequences,  special tax accounting rules under 
Section 451(b) of the Code, or the Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the 
Warrants should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax 
consequences of owning Warrants in light of their own particular circumstances. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of the 
Underlying that a beneficial owner may receive in respect of a Physical Delivery Warrant. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership 
and disposition of the relevant Underlying. 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of any equity to which the Warrants relate, 
including shares that underlie an index or basket, should be treated as a “passive foreign investment 
company” (“PFIC”) within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code or a “United States real property holding 
corporation” (“USRPHC”) within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code (including a non-corporate entity 
treated as a USRPHC for relevant purposes of Section 897 of the Code). If any relevant issuer were so 
treated, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply to a Non-U.S. Holder, in the 
case of a USRPHC or to a U.S. Holder, in the case of a PFIC, upon the sale, exchange or other disposition 
of the Warrants. If a U.S. Holder owns or is deemed to own an equity interest in a PFIC for any taxable 
year, the U.S. Holder would generally be required to file IRS Form 8621 with its annual U.S. federal income 
tax return for that year, subject to certain exceptions. Failure to timely file the form may extend the time for 
tax assessment by the IRS. Prospective purchasers of the Warrants should refer to information filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission or another governmental authority by the relevant issuers and 
consult their tax advisers regarding the possible consequences if any such issuer is or becomes a 
USRPHC or PFIC. 
For the purposes hereof, the term “U.S. Holder” means a holder of the Warrants that for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation organised 
in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (iii) an estate or 
trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. The term 
“Non-U.S. Holder” means a holder of the Warrants that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is a non-
resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust. 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
Warrants, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the 
activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Warrants.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Because the Issuer does not expect to issue Credit Warrants or certain Warrants designated as "Non-U.S. 
Warrants" (as discussed further below) to U.S. Holders, the discussion below does not address the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of purchasing, owning, and disposing of such Warrants. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser should 
read before making a decision to invest in the relevant Warrants. 
In General 
Depending on the terms of a Warrant, there may be no statutory, judicial or administrative authority 
regarding the proper treatment of the Warrant for U.S. federal tax purposes. As a result, the proper timing 
and character of income required to be recognised with respect to a Warrant may be uncertain. The 
discussion below generally assumes that the Issuer’s intended treatment of each type of Warrant, as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms under “Additional U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”, is 
respected. As discussed under “Taxation of U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. 
Holders—Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Warrants” and “Taxation of Non-
U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders—Possible Alternative Tax 
Treatments of an Investment in the Warrants,” alternative treatments of the Warrants are possible, and 
even if the Issuer’s general characterisation of the relevant Warrants is respected there may nonetheless 
be uncertainty about specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant Warrants. The Issuer does not 
plan to request a ruling from the IRS, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatments described 
below. Accordingly, prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Warrants. 
Taxation of U.S. Holders  
The discussions below address certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. 
Holders in respect of the Warrants. Certain exceptions to these general rules and other special 
considerations are discussed below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders" and 
"FATCA ", and therefore these discussions are subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the 
discussions contained in those sections.  As discussed above, this section does not address the U.S. 
federal tax treatment of Credit Warrants or Non-U.S. Warrants.  
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Warrants that results in the 
Warrants being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in “Other U.S. 
Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code,” 
the treatment of the Warrants after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where 
specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has 
occurred. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the risk of a taxable event with respect 
to the Warrants. 
Warrants Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options  
The following discussion applies only to Warrants, not providing for any payments prior to maturity or early 
redemption, that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts or 
options.  
Tax Treatment Prior to Maturity  
Subject to the discussion below under "Certain Payments at Maturity", a U.S. Holder generally should not 
be required to recognise taxable income over the term of a Warrant prior to maturity, other than pursuant 
to a taxable disposition as described below.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Taxable Disposition of a Warrant  
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Warrant for cash and/or property (other than the delivery of the 
Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant, as discussed below) (each, a “taxable 
disposition”), a U.S. Holder should recognise gain or loss generally equal to the difference between the 
cash and/or the value of property received and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Warrant. A U.S. Holder's 
tax basis in a Warrant generally should equal the amount paid to acquire it. Subject to the discussion below 
under “—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Application of Section 988 of 
the Code”, “—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Application of Section 
1260 of the Code” and “—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Application 
of Section 1256 of the Code”, this gain or loss generally should be long-term capital gain or loss if at the 
time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder held the Warrant for more than one year, and short-term 
capital gain or loss otherwise. However, for Warrants linked to rates, the IRS may assert that any gain or 
loss recognized by a U.S. Holder upon settlement of the Warrants should be treated as ordinary gain or 
loss. In the event of an ordinary loss to a U.S. Holder that is an individual, the loss may be treated as a 
non-deductible “miscellaneous itemized deduction.” You should consult your tax adviser regarding the 
character of gain or loss recognized upon a settlement of the securities. 
Physical Delivery  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant, depending 
on the circumstances surrounding the receipt, may not be clear. If delivery of the Underlying is treated for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical settlement of the Warrant, the U.S. Holder generally 
should not recognise any gain or loss with respect to the Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. 
Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the Underlying (including any fractional Underlying for which 
cash is received) equal to the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Warrant, plus any Exercise Price or other 
amounts paid in connection with exercise of the Warrant, and should have a holding period in that 
Underlying beginning on the day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional 
Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference 
between the amount of that cash and the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is 
possible that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Warrant for an 
amount equal to the fair market value of the Underlying (less any amounts paid by the U.S. Holder upon 
exercise), in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss (subject to potential treatment as a 
recapitalisation or, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) as described 
under "Taxable Disposition of a Warrant." In that event, the Underlying received would generally be treated 
as purchased for its fair market value on the date of receipt. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of delivery of the Underlying.  
Certain Payments at Maturity  
In some cases, a Warrant may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity but are paid 
at maturity (or, depending on the terms of the Warrant, upon an early retirement). In that event, a U.S. 
Holder might be required to treat such amounts as ordinary income, rather than capital gain, either at 
maturity or as they are fixed or accrue. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders." 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the treatment of such payments.  
Access Warrants with Associated Dividend-Linked Payments Referencing Non-U.S. Equities 
The following discussion applies only to Delta One Warrants and any other Warrants that the Issuer treats 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts linked to one or more non-U.S. equities 
that provide solely for (i) a payment at maturity or earlier retirement of cash determined by reference to the 
value of the Underlying (or physical delivery of the Underlying) and (ii) other cash payments determined 
by reference to dividends (if any) on the Underlying (such other cash payments, non-U.S. dividend-linked 
payments, and each such warrant, an Access Warrant).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Tax Treatment Prior to Maturity  
Generally, a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognise taxable income over the term of the Access 
Warrants prior to maturity, except with respect to non-U.S. dividend-linked payments, as discussed below.  
Non-U.S. Dividend-Linked Payments  
Insofar as it has information reporting responsibility in respect of an Access Warrant, the Issuer expects to 
treat the non-U.S. dividend-linked payments (including any non-U.S. dividend-linked payment made at 
maturity) as ordinary income. Under this treatment, it is unclear whether an accrual-method U.S. Holder 
would be required to include any amount in income with respect to a non-U.S. dividend-linked payment 
prior to receipt of the payment. It is also possible that the treatment of a non-U.S. dividend-linked payment 
would be subject to the discussions below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders." 
Taxable Disposition of an Access Warrant  
Upon a taxable disposition of an Access Warrant, a U.S. Holder should recognise gain or loss generally 
equal to the difference between the amount of cash and/or the value of property (other than the delivery of 
the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant, as discussed below) received and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the Access Warrant. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in an Access Warrant generally should 
equal the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-term capital gain or loss if 
at the time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder held the Access Warrants for more than one year, 
and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. However, a payment at maturity of a non-U.S. dividend-
linked payment will, and an amount received in respect of the next succeeding non-U.S. dividend-linked 
payment on a taxable disposition of a Warrant prior to maturity might, be treated as described above under 
"Non U.S. Dividend-Linked Payments."  
Physical Delivery  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of an Access Warrant that is a Physical 
Delivery Warrant, depending on the circumstances surrounding the receipt, may not be clear. If receipt of 
the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical settlement of the Access 
Warrant, the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect to the Underlying 
received. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the Underlying 
(including any fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the 
Access Warrant, plus any Exercise Price or other amounts paid in connection with exercise of the Access 
Warrant, and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the day after receipt. With 
respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain 
or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that cash and the tax basis allocable 
to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a 
taxable disposition of the Access Warrant for an amount equal to the fair market value of the Underlying 
(less any amounts paid by the U.S. Holder upon exercise), in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise 
gain or loss (subject to potential treatment as a recapitalisation or, in the case of loss, to the possible 
application of the wash sale rules) as described above under "Taxable Disposition of an Access Warrant." 
In that event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on 
the date of receipt. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax 
consequences of delivery of the Underlying. 
Warrants with Associated Periodic Payments  
The following discussion applies only to Warrants (not including Access Warrants) that the Issuer treats 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic 
payments.  Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a 
Warrant that provides for non-periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement (treating such non-
periodic payments as periodic payments for purposes of this discussion). Warrants with Associated

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Periodic Payments also include Fixed Rate Warrants, as well as any Warrants providing for dividend-linked 
payments that are not designated in the applicable Issue Terms as Access Warrants. 
Periodic Payments  
Insofar as it has information reporting responsibility in respect of a Warrant, the Issuer expects to treat the 
periodic payments (including the periodic payment at maturity) as ordinary income, which the U.S. Holder 
would recognise in accordance with its method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is 
possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could be different, as 
described below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders."  
Taxable Disposition of a Warrant  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Warrant for cash and/or property (other than the delivery of the Underlying 
in settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant, as discussed below) a U.S. Holder should recognise gain or 
loss generally equal to the difference between (i) the cash and/or the value of property received and (ii) 
the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Warrant. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Warrant generally should equal 
the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-term capital gain or loss if at the 
time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder held the Warrants for more than one year, and short-term 
capital gain or loss otherwise. However, any periodic payment received at maturity will, and any sales 
proceeds attributable to an accrued but unpaid periodic payment might, be treated as described above 
under "Periodic Payments."  
Physical Delivery  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant, depending 
on the circumstances surrounding the delivery, may not be clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical settlement of the Warrant, the U.S. Holder generally 
should not recognise any gain or loss with respect to the Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. 
Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the Underlying (including any fractional Underlying for which 
cash is received) equal to the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Warrant, plus any Exercise Price or other 
amounts paid in connection with exercise of the Warrant, and should have a holding period in that 
Underlying beginning on the day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional 
Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference 
between the amount of that cash and the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is 
possible that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Warrant for an 
amount equal to the fair market value of the Underlying (less any amounts paid by the U.S. Holder upon 
exercise), in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss (subject in the case of loss to the 
possible application of the wash sale rules) as described above under "Taxable Disposition of a Warrant." 
In that event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on 
the date of receipt. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax 
consequences of delivery of the Underlying.  
Warrants Treated as Put Options and Deposits  
The following discussion applies only to Warrants that the Issuer treats as a put option (the “Put Option”) 
written by the U.S. Holder with respect to the Underlying, secured by a deposit equal to the issue price of 
the Warrant (the “Deposit”). It generally assumes that the U.S. Holder purchases the Warrant for its issue 
price and that the issue price is the amount due at maturity of the Warrant (excluding the final periodic 
payment) if the final value of the Underlying equals or exceeds its initial value. Under this treatment:  
(i) 
a portion of each periodic payment made with respect to a Warrant will be attributable to interest 
on the Deposit; and

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
(ii) 
the remainder will represent option premium attributable to the U.S. Holder's grant of the Put 
Option (with respect to each payment received and, collectively, all periodic payments received, 
the “Put Premium”).  
The Issuer will provide the percentage of each periodic payment that is allocated to interest on the Deposit 
and to Put Premium in the applicable final Issue Terms. This allocation is binding on a U.S. Holder unless 
the U.S. Holder discloses otherwise on its U.S. federal income tax return; however, it is not binding on the 
IRS.  
It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could be different, 
as described below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders."  
Periodic Payments  
If the term of a Warrant is not more than one year (taking into account the last possible date that the 
Warrants could be outstanding pursuant to their terms), the Deposit will be treated as a "short-term 
obligation." Interest on a short-term obligation is treated as "original issue discount" (OID). OID will be 
treated as accruing on a short-term obligation rateably or, at the election of a U.S. Holder, under a constant 
yield method.  
A cash-method holder of a short-term obligation generally (i) will not be required to include OID in respect 
of the obligation in income prior to the receipt of each interest payment on the obligation, (ii) may not be 
allowed to deduct all of the interest paid or accrued on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to 
purchase or carry the obligation until the maturity of the obligation or its earlier taxable disposition and (iii) 
will be required to treat any gain realised on a taxable disposition of the obligation as ordinary income to 
the extent of the accrued but unpaid OID on the obligation. A cash-method holder of the obligation may, 
however, elect to accrue OID into income on a current basis. In that case, the limitation on the deductibility 
of interest described above will not apply. An accrual-method holder generally will be required to include 
OID on the obligation in income as it accrues. If a short-term obligation provides for special redemption 
features or other contingent payments, the timing and character of income to be recognised may be 
uncertain. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding these uncertainties. 
If the term of a Warrant is more than one year (taking into account the last possible date that the Warrants 
could be outstanding pursuant to their terms), the Issuer generally intends to treat the Deposit as a fixed 
rate debt instrument or a "variable rate debt instrument," depending on the terms of the Warrant, and the 
following discussion is based on this treatment. Under this treatment, interest on the Deposit generally will 
be taxable as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. 
Holder's method of tax accounting. If, however, the terms of the Deposit cause it instead to be treated as 
a "contingent payment debt instrument," the timing and character of income recognised on the Deposit 
could differ significantly. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning this 
possibility.  
The Put Premium should not be taken into account until the taxable disposition of a Warrant.  
Taxable Disposition Prior to Redemption or Maturity  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Warrant prior to maturity or earlier redemption, a U.S. Holder should 
apportion the amount realised between the Deposit and the Put Option based on their respective values 
on the date of the taxable disposition. Except with respect to any amount attributable to accrued interest 
or OID on the Deposit, which if not previously included in income should generally be treated as ordinary 
income (in the case of a short-term Warrant, only to the extent of the gain recognised), a U.S. Holder will 
recognise gain or loss with respect to the Deposit in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the 
amount realised that is apportioned to the Deposit (the “Deposit Value”) and (ii) the U.S. Holder's basis in 
the Deposit (i.e., the issue price of the Warrant). Such gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if 
the U.S. Holder has held the Warrant for more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
If the amount of a periodic payment in respect of an accrual period is not known until the end of the relevant 
observation period, it is not clear how much interest or OID, if any, will be treated as having accrued on 
the Deposit at the time of a taxable disposition prior to maturity.  
Any difference between the amount realised on the taxable disposition and the Deposit Value will be 
apportioned to the Put Option. If the Deposit Value exceeds the amount realised upon the taxable 
disposition of a Warrant, a U.S. Holder will be treated as having made a payment equal to such excess in 
exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option. A U.S. Holder should recognise short-term 
capital gain or loss in respect of the Put Option in an amount equal to the total Put Premium previously 
received, decreased by the amount deemed to be paid by the U.S. Holder, or increased by the amount 
deemed to be paid to the U.S. Holder, in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option.  
Tax Treatment at Redemption or Maturity  
The periodic payment received at maturity or earlier redemption should be treated as described above 
under "Periodic Payments."  
If a Warrant is retired for the amount of the Deposit (without taking into account any periodic payment), the 
Put Option should be deemed to have expired unexercised, in which case a U.S. Holder should generally 
recognise short-term capital gain in an amount equal to the sum of all payments of Put Premium received, 
including the Put Premium received at maturity.  
At maturity, if a U.S. Holder receives an amount of cash and/or property (other than the Underlying), not 
counting the final periodic payment, that is different from the amount of the Deposit, the Put Option 
generally should be deemed to have been exercised and the U.S. Holder should be deemed to have 
applied the Deposit toward the cash settlement of the Put Option. In that case, the U.S. Holder should 
generally recognise short-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Put Option in an amount equal to the 
difference between (i) the sum of the total Put Premium received (including the Put Premium received at 
maturity) plus the cash and/or other property the U.S. Holder receives at maturity, excluding the final 
periodic payment, and (ii) the Deposit.  
If the Underlying is an interest in an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it 
is unclear whether any capital gain or loss recognised in respect of the Put Option upon retirement of the 
Warrant should be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, respectively, if the U.S. Holder 
has held the Warrant for more than a year at that time.  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the tax consequences of purchasing a Warrant linked to such an interest. 
Physical Delivery  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant, depending 
on the circumstances surrounding the receipt, may not be clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical settlement of the Warrant, the Put Option will be deemed 
to have been exercised, and the U.S. Holder should be deemed to have applied the Deposit toward the 
physical settlement of the Put Option. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should not recognise any income 
or gain in respect of the total Put Premium received (including the Put Premium received at maturity) and 
should not recognise any gain or loss with respect to any Underlying received. Instead, a U.S. Holder 
generally should have an aggregate tax basis in the Underlying received (including any fractional 
Underlying) equal to the Deposit less the total Put Premium received over the term of the Warrants. A U.S. 
Holder's holding period for any Underlying received should start on the day after receipt. With respect to 
any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain or loss in 
an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional Underlying 
and the pro rata portion of the U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis that is allocable to the fractional 
Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition 
of the Warrant for an amount equal to the fair market value of the Underlying (less any amounts paid by 
the U.S. Holder upon exercise), in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss (subject to

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
potential treatment as a recapitalisation or, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale 
rules) as described above under "Tax Treatment at Redemption or Maturity." In that event, the Underlying 
received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the date of retirement of the 
Warrant. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of 
delivery of the Underlying.  
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders  
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Warrants  
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Warrants are possible that, if applied, could materially 
and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income, gain or loss with respect to the Warrants. For 
example, a Warrant could be treated as a debt instrument for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under 
this treatment, delivery of the Underlying would be a taxable event. In addition, a "long-term" Warrant (i.e., 
a Warrant that matures, after taking into account the last possible date that the Warrant could be 
outstanding under its terms, more than one year from the date of its issuance) would be subject to Treasury 
regulations relating to the taxation of contingent payment debt instruments. In that case, regardless of its 
tax accounting method, (i) a U.S. Holder would be required to accrue income (subject to certain 
adjustments) based on the Issuer's comparable yield for similar noncontingent debt, determined as of the 
time of issuance of the Warrant, in each year that the U.S. Holder holds the Warrant, which could be 
different from the amount of payments, if any, received with respect to the Warrant in that year, and (ii) any 
gain on the taxable disposition of the Warrant would be treated as ordinary income. If a Warrant that is not 
a "long-term" Warrant were treated as a debt instrument, (i) all or a portion of the gain a U.S. Holder 
realises on a taxable disposition of the Warrant could be treated as ordinary income, and (ii) in the case of 
a Warrant treated as a Put Option and a Deposit, the full amount of each periodic payment could be treated 
as ordinary income at the time paid or accrued.  Moreover, if the payment at maturity on a Warrant were 
to become fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity, a U.S. Holder might be required to treat 
the Warrant as debt after that date and also possibly to recognise gain at that time. 
Alternatively, any payments received prior to the disposition of a Warrant might be treated as a non-taxable 
return of capital, which would affect the determination of gain or loss upon the taxable disposition of the 
Warrant. It is also possible that a U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the Underlying, in which case 
the tax consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
Other possible U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Warrants could also affect the timing and 
character of income or loss with respect to the Warrants. In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department and 
the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of 
"prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions 
may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have 
proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury 
regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and 
adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Warrants, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Warrants, including possible alternative treatments and potential 
changes in applicable law.  
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code  
If the Underlying in respect of a Warrant consists of one or more foreign currencies, foreign currency debt 
instruments, or indices or derivatives with respect to the foregoing, it is likely that the Warrant will be subject 
to Section 988 of the Code. In that case, subject to the election discussed in the next sentence, any gain 
or loss recognised on the Warrant generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss instead of capital 
gain or loss. While a taxpayer may elect to treat gain or loss on certain non-debt instruments linked to one 
or more foreign currencies as capital gain or loss (a “Section 988 election”), depending on the terms of

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
the Warrant, it may be unclear whether a Section 988 election would be available for Warrants treated as 
prepaid forward contracts or options, and doubtful that it would be available for other Warrants. In addition, 
assuming Section 988 of the Code applies to the Warrants and a valid Section 988 election is not made, 
a U.S. Holder might be subject to special reporting requirements that apply to foreign currency losses that 
exceed certain thresholds, as described below under "Reportable Transactions." Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the 
availability and advisability of making the Section 988 election.  
With respect to Warrants treated as Put Options and Deposits, not described in the preceding paragraph, 
that are denominated in or determined by reference to a foreign currency, the Deposit (but not, generally, 
a Put Option that references a non-currency Underlying) may be subject to special rules under Section 
988 of the Code that are applicable to foreign currency debt. In that event, (i) amounts paid on the Deposit 
will be translated from the relevant foreign currency into U.S. dollars pursuant to applicable Treasury 
regulations and (ii) U.S. Holders generally will be required to recognise foreign currency gain or loss, as 
ordinary gain or loss, on the taxable disposition of the Warrant, to the extent gain or loss recognised on 
the Deposit is attributable to changes in the value of the relevant foreign currency, or with respect to interest 
payments on the Deposit, to the extent the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment received 
differs in value from the U.S. dollar amount (if any) previously included in income with respect to the interest 
payment. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 988 of the Code to Warrants treated as a Put Option and a Deposit.  
Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code  
If a Warrant is linked to an Underlying that is an equity interest in one of a specified list of entities, including 
an exchange-traded fund or other regulated investment company (e.g., a mutual fund), a real estate 
investment trust, partnership, trust or PFIC, it is possible, depending upon the specific terms of the Warrant, 
that an investment in the Warrant will be treated as a "constructive ownership transaction" within the 
meaning of Section 1260 of the Code. In that case, all or a portion of any long-term capital gain otherwise 
recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of the Warrant would be recharacterised as ordinary income to the 
extent such gain exceeded the "net underlying long-term capital gain." Although the matter is unclear, the 
"net underlying long-term capital gain" may equal the amount of long-term capital gain a U.S. Holder would 
have realised if on the issue date the U.S. Holder had invested the amount paid to acquire the Warrant in 
the relevant Underlying and sold those Underlying units for their fair market value at the time the relevant 
Warrant is sold, exchanged or retired (which would generally reflect the percentage increase, if any, in the 
value of the Underlying over the term of the Warrants). However, the "net underlying long-term capital 
gain" could be calculated in other ways. The amount of "net underlying long-term capital gain" is treated 
as zero unless the actual amount of “net underlying long-term capital gain” is established by clear and 
convincing evidence. Any long-term capital gain recharacterised as ordinary income under Section 1260 
would be treated as accruing at a constant rate over the period the U.S. Holder held the Warrant, and the 
U.S. Holder would be subject to a notional interest charge in respect of the deemed tax liability on the 
income treated as accruing in prior tax years. Moreover, Warrants linked to certain Underlyings could, if a 
U.S. Holder is an individual or other non-corporate investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable 
to “collectibles” instead of the general rates that apply to long-term capital gain. See “Possible Higher Tax 
on Warrants Linked to ‘Collectibles’” below. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the possible application of Section 1260 of the Code to the Warrants.  
Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code  
If there is (i) any Adjustment Event, including but not limited to the replacement of the Underlying, (ii) a 
change in the methodology by which an underlying Index or Proprietary Index is calculated, (iii) a change 
in the components of an underlying Index or Proprietary Index, (iv) any other circumstance resulting in a 
material change to the Underlying or a rate referenced by the Warrant, (v) a redenomination, (vi) the Issuer 
designates a Substitute for itself, or (vii) any other circumstance resulting in a material change to the terms

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
of the Warrant, it is possible that the Warrants could be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event of a deemed retirement, a U.S. Holder might be required 
to recognise gain or loss (subject in the case of loss to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with 
respect to the Warrant. Moreover, the treatment of the Warrant after such an event could differ from their 
prior treatment. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the risk of such an 
event. 
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code  
Special rules will apply if a Warrant is treated in whole or in part as subject to the mark-to-market rules of 
Section 1256 of the Code. Section 1256 applies, among others, to "foreign currency contracts," as well as 
certain options listed on or subject to the rules of certain specified exchanges (not currently including 
Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF Market). If Section 1256 of the Code were to apply to a Warrant, a U.S. 
Holder would be required (i) to recognise gain or loss on all, or a portion, of the Warrant as if it were sold 
at its fair market value on the last business day of each year it is held, and (ii) to treat such gain or loss as 
40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 60 per cent. long-term capital gain or loss (subject, in the 
case of a foreign currency contract, to the U.S. Holder's making a valid Section 988 election as described 
above). In the absence of a valid Section 988 election with respect to a Warrant treated as a "foreign 
currency contract," the gain or loss recognised would be ordinary and, in the case of loss, could be subject 
to special reporting requirements (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 1256 of the Code 
to the Warrants.  
Possible Higher Tax on Warrants Linked to "Collectibles"  
Under current law, long-term capital gain recognised on a sale of "collectibles" (which includes, among 
others, metals) or an ownership interest in certain entities that hold collectibles is generally taxed at the 
maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to collectibles. It is possible that long-term capital gain from a taxable 
disposition of Warrants linked to an Underlying that is a collectible or is one of certain entities holding 
collectibles would be subject to the maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to collectibles, instead of the 
lower long-term capital gain rate. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding an 
investment in a Warrant linked to a collectible or to an entity holding collectibles.  
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Warrants issued by CGMHI (the “U.S. Issuer”) or CGMFL (the “Non-U.S. Issuer”). 
Certain exceptions to these general rules and other special considerations are discussed below under 
“Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders” and “FATCA”, and therefore this discussion 
is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those sections. 
Prospective purchasers should note that neither the U.S. Issuer nor the Non-U.S. Issuer will be required 
to pay any additional amounts with respect to any U.S. federal income taxes withheld, whether by the U.S. 
Issuer or by another withholding agent, with respect to the Warrants. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Warrants that results in the 
Warrants being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in “Other U.S. 
Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code”, 
the treatment of the Warrants for Non-U.S. Holders, including withholding tax consequences, after such 
an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein 
assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred. Non-U.S. Holders should consult 
their tax advisers regarding the risk of a taxable event with respect to the Warrants.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Non-U.S. Warrants 
Certain Warrants issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer only to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated as "Non-U.S. 
Warrants" in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Warrants, subject to the discussions under "Other U.S. 
Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders—Effectively Connected Income", "—Section 871(m) 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalents", "—FIRPTA" and "FATCA," the Issuer currently intends to treat 
payments made with respect to the Warrants as not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax.   
Warrants Issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer  
In the case of Warrants other than those designated as Non-U.S. Warrants, a Non-U.S. Holder generally 
will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of payments on and gain from the 
taxable disposition of Warrants issued by a Non-U.S. Issuer.  As discussed above, the previous sentence 
is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the sections below, including "Other U.S. Federal Tax 
Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders—Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents." 
Warrants Issued by the U.S. Issuer 
Non-U.S. Holders should refer to "Taxation of U.S. Holders" above for the definitions of certain terms used 
below.  
Warrants Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
Generally, subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to U.S. 
federal withholding or income tax in respect of the taxable disposition of a Warrant, not providing for any 
payments prior to maturity or early redemption, that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
as a prepaid forward contract or an option. 
In some cases, a Warrant may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity but are paid 
at maturity. In that event, such amounts paid to a Non-U.S. Holder might be subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. In particular, in the case of 
Long/Short Certificates it is possible that a Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 
30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable tax treaty, on the portion of the payment at maturity 
that is attributable to dividends on the Underlying. While the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold 
on such payments (subject to the discussion below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-
U.S. Holders— Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents"), in light of the uncertain treatment 
of the Warrants other persons having withholding or information reporting responsibility in respect of the 
Warrants may treat some or all of such payment on a Warrant as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 
per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. Moreover, it is possible that in the 
future the Issuer may determine that it should withhold on such payments. Even if the Issuer or an 
applicable withholding agent generally treats such amounts as eligible for an exemption from withholding, 
in light of the uncertain treatment of such amounts, the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent might 
require a Non-U.S. Holder to provide a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a 
non-United States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally an appropriate IRS Form 
W-8) or to satisfy certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States 
person. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the treatment of such 
payments. 
Access Warrants and Convertible Bond Warrants  
Subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. 
federal withholding or income tax in respect of amounts paid to the Non-U.S. Holder upon the taxable 
disposition of an Access Warrant or a Convertible Bond Warrant (as defined below).  
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of non-U.S. dividend-linked payments and non-U.S. interest-
linked payments (as defined below) are unclear. While the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on 
such payments, in light of the uncertain treatment of the Access Warrants and Convertible Bond Warrants

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
other persons having withholding or information reporting responsibility in respect of the Access Warrants 
or Convertible Bond Warrants may treat some or all of such payments on an Access Warrant or a 
Convertible Bond Warrant as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under 
an applicable income tax treaty. Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine that it 
is required to withhold at such rate on such payments. Further, in order to treat such payments as exempt 
from withholding, the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent may require a Non-U.S. Holder to provide 
a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in 
compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or to satisfy certain 
documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the treatment of such payments.  
For the purpose of this discussion, a “Convertible Bond Warrant” is a Warrant that the Issuer treats for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes as a prepaid forward contract linked to one or more non-U.S. Debt Securities, 
that provides for (i) a payment at maturity or earlier retirement of cash determined by reference to the value 
of the Underlying (or physical delivery of the Underlying) and (ii) other cash payments determined by 
reference to interest (if any) on the Underlying (such other cash payments, “non-U.S. interest-linked 
payments”).  
Warrants with Associated Periodic Payments  
With respect to Warrants that the Issuer treats as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated 
periodic payments, to the extent the Issuer has withholding responsibility in respect of the Warrants, it 
intends to treat the periodic payments as subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the Non-
U.S. Holder provides a properly executed and appropriate IRS Form W-8 claiming eligibility for a reduction 
of or an exemption from withholding under an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. Holder generally 
should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a 
Warrant (although any amount received in respect of a periodic payment may be treated as subject to 
withholding). Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a 
Warrant that provides for non-periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement. 
Warrants Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of 
amounts paid on a Warrant that the Issuer treats as a Put Option and a Deposit, provided that (1) the Non-
U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power 
of all classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related to the Issuer through stock ownership or 
(ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or 
business, (3) such interest is not contingent on the Issuer’s profits, revenues or changes in the value of its 
property and is not otherwise excluded from the definition of “portfolio interest” by Section 871(h)(4) of the 
Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies 
that it is a non-United States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate 
IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-
United States person. 
 
While the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on payments to Non-U.S. Holders on Warrants that 
are treated as Put Options and Deposits (assuming satisfaction of the requirements in the preceding 
paragraph), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Warrants other persons having withholding 
responsibility in respect of the Warrants may treat some or all of each periodic payment on a Warrant as 
subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax 
treaty. Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine that it should withhold at such 
rate on such payments.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect 
to the taxable disposition of a Warrant (other than with respect to amounts attributable to an accrued 
periodic payment, which are discussed above). 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders 
This discussion applies to any Warrant issued by either the Non-U.S. Issuer or the U.S. Issuer.  
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Warrants 
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Warrants are possible that, if applied, could materially 
and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income, gain or loss with respect to the Warrants. 
Alternatively, if all or any portion of a Warrant issued by the U.S. Issuer were recharacterised as a debt 
instrument, any payment made to a Non-U.S. Holder with respect to the Warrant generally would not be 
subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax, provided that the requirements in the first paragraph 
under "Warrants Issued by the U.S. Issuer —Warrants Treated as Put Options and Deposits" are met. 
Moreover, if the payment at maturity on a Warrant were to become fixed or subject to a minimum level 
prior to maturity, a Non-U.S. Holder might be required to treat the Warrant as debt after that date. It is also 
possible that a Non-U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the Underlying, in which case the tax 
consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
Other U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Warrants are also possible. As discussed above under 
“Taxation of U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Alternative 
Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Warrants,” the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS have 
requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of “prepaid forward 
contracts” and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject 
of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative 
changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance 
promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Warrants, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from the 
Warrants is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder generally 
will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same manner as if the 
Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. If such a 
Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the potential application of a 
30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would be required to provide an 
IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable withholding agent to establish an exemption from withholding for 
amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, paid on a Warrant. 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder (“Section 871(m)”) impose a 30 per 
cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on “dividend equivalents” paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (“Underlying Securities”), as 
defined under the applicable Treasury regulations, or indices that include Underlying Securities. Section 
871(m) generally applies to “specified equity-linked instruments” (“Specified ELIs”), which are financial 
instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more Underlying Securities, 
as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed further below. 
Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked 
to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations 
(“Qualified Indices”) as well as securities that track such indices (“Qualified Index Securities”).

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the applicable Treasury regulations, as 
modified by an IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
• 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2025, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a “delta” of one.  
• 
For financial instruments issued in 2025 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the “delta” of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a “simple” contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a “substantial equivalence” test, if it is a “complex” contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to a 
small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The “substantial 
equivalence” test measures whether a complex contract tracks its “initial hedge” (shares of the Underlying 
Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a “benchmark” simple contract with 
a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the “calculation date,” which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Warrant, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Warrant. 
However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Warrant, the 
calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Warrant. Under these rules, information regarding the 
Issuer’s final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. Holder 
agrees to acquire a Warrant. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Warrant only if it is 
willing to accept the risk that the Warrant is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding under Section 
871(m). 
If the terms of a Warrant are subject to a "significant modification" (for example, upon an Issuer substitution, 
as described in “Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders—Possible Taxable Event Under 
Section 1001 of the Code”) the Warrant generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time of 
the significant modification, in which case the Warrant could become a Specified ELI at that time. 
If a Warrant is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent’s circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Warrant or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition of the Warrant by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events. Depending 
on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts from coupons 
or other payments on the Warrant, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of the Warrant, or 
from other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent.  
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to 
the product of: (i) in the case of a “simple” contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a “complex” contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2025 that 
have a “delta” of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a “delta” of one. The per-
share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect to a 
share of the Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated dividend, the 
Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts.  
Depending on the terms of a Warrant and whether or not it is issued prior to 2025, the Issue Terms may 
contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Warrant references a 
Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a “simple” contract; the “delta” and the number of 
shares multiplied by delta (for a simple contract); and whether the “substantial equivalence test” is met and 
the initial hedge (for a complex contract).

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
The Issuer’s determination is generally binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not 
binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect 
to Warrants linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Warrants may be 
uncertain. Accordingly, even if the Issuer determines that certain Warrants are not Specified ELIs, the IRS 
could challenge the Issuer’s determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those 
Warrants.  
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the 
Non-U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an Underlying 
Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability under Section 
871(m) even if the relevant Warrants are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a general matter. 
Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of Section 871(m) in their 
particular circumstances. 
Specified Current Payment Warrants 
The following discussion applies to certain Warrants that are Specified ELIs and that provide solely for (i) 
a payment at maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference to the value of the 
Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)) and (ii) cash payments equal to dividends (if any) 
on each Underlying Security to which the Warrant relates multiplied by the number of shares of such 
Underlying Security to which the Warrant relates (such cash payments, “U.S. dividend-linked payments” 
and each such Warrant, a “Specified Current Payment Warrant”). It is expected that each U.S. dividend-
linked payment will be made on the payment date for the related dividend. 
The Issuer will treat each U.S. dividend-linked payment as the payment of a dividend equivalent. 
Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders should expect withholding agents to withhold 30 per cent. (or a lower rate 
under the dividend provision of an applicable income tax treaty) of each U.S. dividend-linked payment. 
However, because the application of Section 871(m) to Specified Current Payment Warrants is not entirely 
clear, it is possible that a withholding agent could treat such a Warrant as subject to additional withholding, 
for example from amounts due at maturity or exercise of the Warrant. In addition, a withholding agent may 
withhold at the 30 per cent. (or other applicable maximum) rate regardless of whether the Non-U.S. Holder 
is eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty in respect of the payment. 
Specified Net Total Return Warrants 
The following discussion applies to certain Warrants that are Specified ELIs and that provide solely for a 
payment at maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference to the value of the 
Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)), where such final value, in the case of an 
Underlying that is an Underlying Security, reflects the deemed reinvestment of any dividends paid over the 
term of the Warrant in respect of the number of shares of such Underlying Security to which the Warrant 
relates, net of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each such dividend 
(currently, 30 per cent.) (such net amount, the “Net Dividend Amount”). The discussion herein refers to 
each such Warrant as a Specified Net Total Return Warrant.  
Upon the payment of a dividend with respect to an Underlying Security in respect of a Specified Net Total 
Return Warrant, the Issuer will deposit with the IRS an amount equal to the relevant gross dividend amount 
multiplied by the maximum applicable U.S. withholding tax rate on dividends (not reduced by the 
application of any U.S. income tax treaty). Because (i) the Net Dividend Amount plus (ii) the amount to be 
deposited with the IRS will equal 100 per cent. of the gross dividend amount, the Issuer will treat the 
aggregate of (i) and (ii) as the payment of a dividend equivalent equal to 100 per cent. of such gross 
dividend amount for purposes of Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants that are Specified ELIs should consult their tax advisers regarding 
whether they are eligible for a refund of any part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of an 
applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will generally

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
require the filing of a U.S. federal income tax return). In some circumstances, including when the Issuer or 
another intermediary performs the withholding required under Section 871(m), it may not be possible for a 
Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the documentation necessary to support a refund claim under an applicable 
treaty. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 
871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Warrants should note that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Warrants—Definitions—Section 871(m) Event”) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and such an event occurs, an Early Redemption Event will occur, in which case 
the relevant Warrants may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Warrants. 
FIRPTA 
Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as “FIRPTA,” applies to certain interests in entities that 
beneficially own significant amounts of United States real property interests (each, a “USRPI”). As 
discussed above, the Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of shares, including shares 
that underlie an index, or any other equity to which the Warrants relate, should be treated as a USRPHC 
for purposes of Section 897 of the Code (including a non-corporate entity treated for relevant purposes of 
Section 897 of the Code as a USRPHC). If a relevant issuer were so treated, it is possible that, subject to 
the exceptions discussed in the following paragraph, a Warrant could be treated as a USRPI, in which 
case any gain from the disposition of the Warrant would generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
and would be required to be reported by the Non-U.S. Holder on a U.S. federal income tax return, generally 
in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, and would in certain cases be subject 
to withholding in the amount of 15 per cent. of the gross proceeds of such disposition. 
An exception to the FIRPTA rules applies in respect of interests in entities that have a regularly traded 
class of interests outstanding. Under this exception, a Warrant that is not “regularly traded” on an 
established securities market generally should not be subject to the FIRPTA rules unless its fair market 
value upon acquisition exceeds 5 per cent. of the relevant issuer’s regularly traded class of interests as 
specified in the applicable Treasury regulations. In the case of Warrants that are “regularly traded”, a 
holding of 5 per cent. or less of the outstanding Warrants of that class or series generally should not be 
subject to the FIRPTA rules. Certain attribution and aggregation rules apply, and prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding whether their ownership interest in the Warrants will be 
subject to an exemption from the FIRPTA rules in light of their circumstances, including any other interest 
they might have in a relevant issuer. 
U.S. Federal Estate Tax 
A Warrant may be subject to U.S. federal estate tax if an individual Non-U.S. Holder, or an entity the 
property of which is potentially includible in such an individual’s gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax 
purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an individual and with respect to which the individual has 
retained certain interests or powers), holds the Warrant at the time of the individual’s death. The gross 
estate of a Non-U.S. Holder domiciled outside the United States includes only property deemed situated 
in the United States.  For these purposes, a Warrant issued by the U.S. Issuer, and some Warrants issued 
by the Non-U.S. Issuer, may be treated as property situated in the United States.  Individual Non-U.S. 
Holders, and the entities mentioned above, should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal 
estate tax consequences of an investment in the Warrants in their particular situation. 
Reportable Transactions 
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements 
under Section 6011 of the Code.  "Reportable transactions" include, among other things, "loss 
transactions" that result in a taxpayer's claiming certain losses in excess of specified amounts and certain

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
transactions identified by the IRS.  In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices 
designating certain "basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable 
transactions. The notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its “designee” has, and 
exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction. If the Issuer, an index 
sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms of a Warrant or 
an index underlying a Warrant and were treated as a holder’s “designee” for these purposes, unless an 
exception applied certain holders of the relevant Warrants would be required to report certain information 
to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties.  The Issuer might 
also be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS.  Beneficial owners should 
consult their tax advisers regarding these rules. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments on the Warrants, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement) of the Warrants, may be subject to information reporting and, if an investor fails to provide 
certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or 
meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. 
A Non-U.S. Holder that provides the applicable withholding agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 will 
generally establish an exemption from backup withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup 
withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against the Non-U.S. Holder's 
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS.  
FATCA  
Legislation commonly referred to as “FATCA” generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in addition 
to, and potentially significantly more onerous than, the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-8) have been 
satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity’s jurisdiction 
may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to payments of U.S. source “fixed or 
determinable annual or periodical” (“FDAP”) income, which includes, among other things, interest and 
certain dividend equivalents (as defined above) under Section 871(m). While existing Treasury regulations 
would also require withholding on payments of gross proceeds from the disposition (including upon 
retirement) of securities that provide for U.S.-source interest or certain dividend equivalents, the U.S. 
Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its intent to eliminate this 
requirement.  The U.S. Treasury Department has stated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations pending their finalization. A Non-U.S. Holder, or a U.S. Holder holding Warrants through a non-
U.S. intermediary, should consult their tax advisors regarding FATCA to the Warrants, including the 
availability of certain refunds or credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF 
WARRANTS MAY BE UNCLEAR. BENEFICIAL OWNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS 
REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF WARRANTS, 
INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS 
AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
Austria Taxation 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer’s understanding with regard to 
certain important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or 
sale of the Warrants in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all 
possible tax aspects and does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for 
certain potential investors. The following comments are rather of a general nature and included

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
herein solely for information purposes. They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed 
to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case 
law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of which 
may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may possibly also be effected with 
retroactive effect and may negatively impact the tax consequences described. It is recommended 
that potential investors in the Warrants consult with their legal and tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Warrants. Tax risks resulting from the 
Warrants (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund within the 
meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) 
shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the 
Warrants are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons. 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Code (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are subject to 
income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their habitual abode in 
Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income tax liability; 
beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Code, in Austria are subject to corporate income 
tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management nor their 
legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources 
(limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria’s right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), the term investment 
income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
(a) 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the amount of the earnings 
received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
(b) 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to sec. 
27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero coupon bonds); the tax 
basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs, in each case 
including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act);  
(c) 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, 
including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other realisation of 
forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index certificates (the 
mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax 
basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 
27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); and 
(d) 
income from cryptocurrencies (Einkünfte aus Kryptowährungen) pursuant to sec. 27(4a) and sec. 27b of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Also, the withdrawal of the Warrants from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria’s taxation right regarding the Warrants vis-à-vis other countries, e.g. a 
relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs 
(sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Warrants as non-business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Warrants with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an 
Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat 
rate of 27.5%; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld (final taxation 
pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the Warrants without an 
Austrian nexus must be included in the investor’s income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat 
rate of 27.5%. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a 
flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate 
(option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs 
must not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: 
negative income from realised increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against 
interest from bank accounts and other non-securitized claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash 
settlements and lending fees) nor against income pursuant to sec. 27(5)(7) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act; income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act may 
not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this equally applies in case of an 
exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income not already offset against positive 
investment income may not be offset against other types of income. The Austrian custodian agent has to 
effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer’s securities accounts with the 
custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to issue a written confirmation 
to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Warrants as business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. Investment income from the Warrants with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat rate 
of 27.5%. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the letting of capital, income 
from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in the investor’s income tax 
return (but may nevertheless be subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%). Investment income from 
the Warrants without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor’s income tax return and is 
subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all 
income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the 
lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases in value and income from 
derivatives if realizing these types of income constitutes a key area of the respective investor’s business 
activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees 
must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular 
taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower 
fair market value and losses from the alienation, redemption and other realisation of financial assets, 
derivatives and cryptocurrencies in the sense of sec. 27(3) to (4a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which 
are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%, are primarily to be offset against income from realised 
increases in value of such financial assets, derivatives and cryptocurrencies and with appreciations in

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55% of 
the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income 
in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Warrants at a rate of 25% (for 2022, 
24% for 2023 and 23% from 2024). Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from 
the Warrants with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%. However, a 25% 
(for 2022, 24% for 2023 and 23% from 2024) rate may pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act be applied by the withholding agent, if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such 
withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in 
sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the 
alienation of the Warrants can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Warrants as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25% (for 2022, 
24% for 2023 and 23% from 2024) on income from the letting of capital (including interest income), income 
from realised increases in value, income from cryptocurrencies and income from derivatives (inter alia, if 
the latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities’ view, the acquisition costs 
must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not 
be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax does generally not fall due 
insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the Warrants with an Austrian nexus is in general subject to withholding tax at a 
flat rate of 27.5%. However, a 25% (for 2022, 24% for 2023 and 23% from 2024) rate may pursuant to sec. 
93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act be applied by the withholding agent, if the debtor of the withholding 
tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax falling due. Under the conditions 
set forth in sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the Warrants if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
Warrants are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Warrants if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if 
withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to individuals being resident in a 
state with which automatic exchange of information exists. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the 
debtor of which has its place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a 
non-Austrian credit institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities 
issued by an Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuer understands 
that no taxation applies in the case at hand.  
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 as amended in the course of the 
implementation of Directive 2011/61/EU by the Austrian Alternative Investment Fund Managers Act 2013 
(Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz 2013), the term “foreign investment fund” comprises (i) 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin of which is not 
Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Act 2013 the state of origin of which is not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign 
jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are organised in, the assets of which are invested according 
to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking’s articles or of

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
customary exercise, if one of the following conditions is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or 
indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian 
corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate 
income tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 15% (in 2022, 14% 
in 2023 and 13% as from 2024); or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or material 
tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real estate are 
exempted. The current Austrian Investment Fund Guidelines issued by the Austrian Ministry of Finance 
(Investmentfondsrichtlinien 2018) do not address all topics in connection with the term "foreign investment 
fund" pursuant to the legislation as currently in force. Therefore, there is a risk of a qualification as a foreign 
investment fund in the underlying case. In such case, the tax consequences would substantially differ from 
those described above: A special type of transparency principle would be applied, pursuant to which 
generally both distributed income as well as deemed income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) 
income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Currently, Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer 
tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Austrian 
Foundation 
Tax 
Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or their place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions 
apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is 
subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis 
is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The 
tax rate generally is 2.5%, with a higher rate of 25% applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the 
donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or their place of management in Austria. Not 
all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of 
EUR 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds 
an amount of EUR 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations 
falling under the Austrian Foundation Tax Act described above are also exempt from the notification 
obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10% of the fair market 
value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Warrants may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant 
to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Irish Taxation  
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences for individuals and 
companies of ownership of the Warrants and some other miscellaneous tax matters based on the 
laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters regarding the tax position of 
investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Warrants. Particular rules not discussed 
below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Warrants, including dealers in securities 
and trusts. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in force 
in Ireland as at the date hereof and may be subject to change. The summary does not constitute 
tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss 
all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Warrants. Prospective

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
investors in the Warrants should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the 
purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Warrants and the receipt of payments thereon under 
the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Taxation of Warrantholders 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The relevant Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of 
interest on the Warrants so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on 
the Warrants should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income 
of which is used to fund the payments on the Warrants; or 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Warrants 
is maintained in Ireland or (if the Warrants are in bearer form) the Warrants are physically 
held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) the Issuers are not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuers 
will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) bearer Warrants which pay interest will 
not be physically located in Ireland; and (iv) the Issuers will not maintain a register of any registered 
Warrants in Ireland. 
If payments of interest on the Warrants are found to constitute Irish source interest, an Issuer will not be 
obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest 
on a Warrant so long as the interest paid on the relevant Warrant falls within the following category and 
meets the relevant conditions: 
Interest paid on a quoted Eurobond 
A quoted Eurobond is a security which is issued by a company (such as the Issuers), is listed on a 
recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and carries a right to interest. Provided that the 
Warrants (i) carry an amount in respect of interest and (ii) are listed on Euronext Dublin (or any other 
recognised stock exchange), interest paid on them can be paid free of withholding tax provided the person 
by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, either: 
(i) 
the Warrant is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners; 
(Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Warrant and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such as 
a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Thus, if interest payable on the Warrants is found to have an Irish source, so long as the Warrants are 
interest bearing, continue to be quoted on Euronext Dublin and are held in a recognised clearing system, 
interest on the Warrants can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of an Issuer without any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. If the Warrants continue to be quoted but 
cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Warrants may be paid without any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a 
paying agent outside Ireland.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25% on any interest, dividends or annual payments 
payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, 
where such interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment 
agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial owner of the Warrants and the payments thereon (i) is 
not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank, 
or (ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
Taxation of Receipts 
Notwithstanding that a Warrantholder may receive payments of interest, premium or discount on the 
Warrants free of Irish withholding tax, the Warrantholder may still be liable to pay Irish income or 
corporation tax (and in the case of individuals, the universal social charge) on such interest, premium or 
discount if (i) such interest, premium or discount has an Irish source, (ii) the Warrantholder is resident or 
(in the case of a person other than a body corporate) ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes (in 
which case there may also be a pay related social insurance (PRSI) liability for an individual in receipt of 
interest, premium or discount on the Warrants), or (iii) the Warrants are attributed to a branch or agency 
of the Warrantholder in Ireland. Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of income and 
corporation tax, and each person must assess their own liability to Irish tax.  
Relief from Irish income tax may be available under the specific provisions of a double taxation agreement 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient. 
Tax on Capital Gains 
A Warrantholder will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains realised on a disposal of Warrants unless 
(i) such holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland; or (ii) such holder carries on a business or 
a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Warrants were used or held or 
acquired; or (iii) the Warrants cease to be listed on a stock exchange in circumstances where such 
Warrants derive their value or more than 50% of their value from Irish real estate, mineral rights or 
exploration rights. 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Warrants 
As the Issuers are not registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting a transfer of 
the Warrants so long as (a) the Warrants do not derive their value or the greater part of their value directly 
or indirectly from any immoveable property situated in Ireland and (b) the instrument of transfer of the 
Warrants does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immoveable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such 
property; or 
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable Warrants of a company which is registered in Ireland (other than 
a company which is (i) an investment undertaking within the meaning of section 739B of 
the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 (“TCA”) or (ii) a qualifying company within the meaning 
of section 110 of the TCA). 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following is of a general nature and based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in any Warrants should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects 
of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings 
below applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section 
to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. Also, prospective investors should note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax 
encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt 
commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds l’emploi), as well as personal income 
tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) 
as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the 
solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. 
Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under 
certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional 
or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Income Taxation of holders of Warrants 
A Luxembourg corporate holder of Warrants that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, 
or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds and which does not fall under the 
special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of gains 
realised on the exercise, the settlement or the transfer of Warrants. 
A corporate holder of Warrants, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg, to which the Warrants are attributable, must 
include any gain realised on the exercise, the settlement or the transfer of Warrants in its taxable income 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. The same obligation applies to an individual holder of 
Warrants, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who is a 
resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Luxembourg, to which the Warrants are attributable. 
Where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants and the Issue Price together with the Exercise Price 
(if applicable) (and related costs) is lower than the fair market value of the underlying assets, the differential 
will not be taxable at the moment of the delivery of the underlying assets in the hands of a corporate holder 
of Warrants or an undertaking, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg, to which the Warrants are attributable. However, 
a gain realised upon a subsequent disposal of the underlying assets (i.e., the difference between (i) the 
acquisition value of the underlying assets, which is the aggregate of the Issue Price, the Exercise Price (if 
applicable) and related costs, and (ii) the sale price of the underlying assets) will be included in its taxable 
income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes, unless such gain is tax exempt under the 
Luxembourg participation exemption, if the underlying assets are qualifying shares. 
Gains realised by an individual holder of Warrants, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, who is resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes, upon the sale or disposal of Warrants, is 
not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided such sale or disposal took place more than six months 
after the Warrants were acquired. 
Where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants and the Issue Price together with the Exercise Price 
(if applicable) (and related costs) is lower than the fair market value of the underlying assets, the differential 
will not be taxable in the hands of an individual holder of Warrants, acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth, who is a resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. A gain realised upon the 
subsequent disposal of the underlying assets (i.e., the difference between (i) the acquisition value of the 
underlying assets, which is the aggregate of the Issue Price, the Exercise Price (if applicable) and related 
costs, and (ii) the sale price) will not be included in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
assessment purposes provided such sale or disposal took place more than six months after the delivery 
of the underlying assets, except, if the underlying assets are shares, where the holder holds directly or 
indirectly a substantial participation in an issuing company. 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Warrants 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments made to 
non-residents holders, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement or exercise of the 
Warrants held by non-resident holders. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Warrants 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended, there is no withholding tax on payments made to Luxembourg resident holders, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon settlement or exercise of Warrants held by Luxembourg 
resident holders. 
Net Wealth Taxation of holders of Warrants 
Any corporate holder of Warrants, whether such holder is resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes or such 
holder maintains a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the 
Warrants are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Warrants, except if the holder of 
the Warrants is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as 
amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or is a securitisation 
company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or by the law of 15 June 
2004 on the investment company in risk capital, as amended or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds4. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer of Warrants will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, 
value added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties. 
Where a holder of Warrants is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his death, the 
Warrants are included in his taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Warrants in 
Luxembourg in the case where the terms and conditions of the Warrants are physically attached to a public 
deed or to any other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of 
the terms and conditions of the Warrants on a voluntary basis. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Warrants if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg. 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to holders of Warrants 
that are considered to be Swedish residents for Swedish tax purposes, or non-Swedish residents 
having a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Warrants are attributable. This summary 
is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information 
 
4 Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, 
investment companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital, as amended, and reserved 
alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 
48 thereof may, under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
only. This summary does not address situations where Warrants are held in an investment savings 
account (Sw. investeringssparkonto) or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among 
others, payers of interest. Further, the summary does not address credit of foreign taxes. Investors 
should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish tax and other tax 
consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double 
taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Warrants in their particular circumstances. 
Holders resident in Sweden 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Warrants) will be taxable. 
For individuals, taxation is triggered on realisation and when income (e.g. interest) is received. For 
corporations, taxation is triggered on realisation and in respect of interest on an accrual basis. FX gains 
and losses is normally calculated as part of the tax calculation of the asset as such. If the assets are treated 
as trading assets for tax purposes, corporations are taxed annually. 
Generally, interest is defined as interest and other expenses incurred in connection with raising of capital 
and payments financially equivalent to interest. One key element being interest, is that the amount of the 
loan should be able to be calculated based on notional and duration (foreseeable return on lending). 
A private individual is resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes if the person (a) is domiciled in Sweden; 
(b) has permanently stayed in Sweden; or (c) has been domiciled earlier in Sweden and, after having 
moved abroad, continues to have an essential connection with Sweden. Corporations are generally 
deemed to be resident in Sweden only if they are incorporated in Sweden under Swedish corporate laws. 
For private individuals, the tax rate in the capital income category is 30 per cent. 
For limited liability companies (Sw. aktiebolag) all capital income is taxed as income from business 
operations at a rate of 20.6 per cent. Specific tax consequences, however, may be applicable to certain 
categories of corporations, e.g. life insurance companies. Further, specific tax consequences may be 
applicable if, and to the extent, a holder of Warrants realises a capital loss on the Warrants and to any 
currency exchange gains or losses. 
Taxation of a gain (or loss) is calculated as the difference between the proceeds received and the 
acquisition cost (tax base). 
If certain requirements are met, no taxation is triggered if an option or similar instrument is exercised to 
acquire assets. If no taxation is triggered in such case, taxation is deferred and triggered when the acquired 
asset is sold. The tax base for the option and the exercise price, if any, will be the tax base for the acquired 
asset. 
Preliminary tax 
There is no Swedish withholding tax (Sw. källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect 
of the Warrants. 
Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment of taxes. In the context 
of the Warrants, a preliminary tax of 30 per cent will be deducted from all payments treated as interest in 
respect of the Warrants made to any private individuals or estates that are resident in Sweden for tax 
purposes, provided the paying entity is tax resident in Sweden and subject to reporting obligations. A 
preliminary tax of 30 per cent will also be deducted from any other payment in respect of the Warrants not 
treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid out together with payments treated as interest. 
Preliminary tax will, however, not be deducted on payments made to holders of Warrants if the holder is a 
Swedish corporation, e.g. a limited liability company (aktiebolag). Depending on the holder’s overall tax

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
liability for the relevant fiscal year, the preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or exceed such 
holder’s overall tax liability with any balance subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as 
applicable. 
Gift tax 
There is no gift tax in Sweden. 
Wealth Tax 
There is no wealth tax in Sweden. 
Swiss Taxation 
The following is a summary based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  It does 
not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant 
for a decision to invest in Warrants.  The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation.  All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the 
respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or 
redemption of Warrants in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issuance of Warrants to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not subject 
to the Swiss federal issuance stamp tax and the Swiss federal securities turnover tax (Umsatzabgabe), 
except that the issuance of Warrants which classify as fund like instruments may be subject to Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the offering price, however, only if a Swiss securities 
dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and, 
additionally, if no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Warrants (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such as 
call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, 
futures with a maximal pre financing of 25 per cent., fully funded securities statically replicating an index 
or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) are exempt from 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax.  Dealings in other Warrants may be subject to Swiss federal securities 
turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as 
defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and, additionally, 
if no exemption applies. 
The physical delivery of a Note at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Warrant may be subject to 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3 per cent. in case a Note is issued by an issuer outside 
Switzerland is delivered and of 0.15 per cent. in case a Note issued by a Swiss domestic issuer is delivered, 
however, in each case, only if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp 
tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the delivery and, additionally, if no exemption applies. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Payments under the Warrants are not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT the 
Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes and the proceeds 
will be used outside Switzerland at all times.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Income Taxation 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Warrant who is not resident in Switzerland and who during the taxation year has not engaged 
in a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in 
Switzerland will in respect of such Warrant not be subject to income tax in Switzerland. 
Warrants held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
A capital gain realised by an individual on the sale or redemption of a Warrant which classifies as a true 
derivative financial instrument for tax purposes (such as a true call or put option on equities or commodities 
(including low exercise price options provided their term does not exceed one year or, where the term does 
exceed one year, the premium paid at issuance does not exceed 50 per cent. of the value of the Underlying 
at the time of issuance), future on equities or commodities, replicating an index or a fixed basket of at least 
five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right and with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months) and which is held as part of the individual's private assets is a tax free private capital gain.  
Conversely, a capital loss realised on the sale or redemption of such a Warrant cannot be set off against 
taxable income.  Dividend equivalents paid under such a Warrant constitute taxable investment income. 
(b) Structured Notes 
If a Warrant is composed of one or more derivatives and a bond (resulting e.g. from up front payment of 
exercise price, purchase price, etc.) and therefore classifies as a structured financial instrument for tax 
purposes, its income taxation depends on whether (i) the embedded bond component and the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s) are reported separately from each other, or, alternatively, if the Warrant 
is a standard product, the value of the embedded bond component and the value of the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s) can at any time be determined analytically by using standard valuation 
programmes, and (ii) the Warrant classifies as a structured instrument with or without a predominant one 
time interest payment: 
(i) 
Non transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded separately 
from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and if the values of the embedded bond and the 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s) cannot be determined analytically (as described above), then 
the Warrant classifies as non transparent structured financial instrument and any return over the initial 
investment as taxable interest payment.  Non transparent derivative financial instruments generally include 
a predominant one time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the principles set forth below 
under "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one time interest payment". 
(ii) 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) or if the 
values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can be determined 
analytically (as described above) and if the yield to maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium (see below "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one time interest 
payment"), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Warrant as a private 
asset is required to include any periodic and one time interest payments received on the Warrant in his or 
her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income 
(including such amounts) for the relevant tax period.  Option premium received by such a person under, 
and a gain, including in respect of interest accrued, or a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of, such a 
Warrant is a tax free private capital gain, a non tax deductible private capital loss, respectively.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
(iii) Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) or if the 
values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can be determined 
analytically (as described above) and if the yield to maturity predominantly derives from a one time interest 
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments, then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Warrant as a private 
asset, is required to include any periodic interest payments received on the Warrant and, in addition, any 
amount equal to the difference between the value of the Warrant at redemption or sale, as applicable, and 
its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted in each case into Swiss 
Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, 
respectively, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any 
net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, any gain in respect of interest 
accrued, interest rate or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant tax period.  Any compensation received by 
such a holder for the embedded derivative, i.e., option premium received under, and any residual gain, 
and a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a Warrant is a tax free private capital gain, a non tax 
deductible private capital loss, respectively.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, such a holder may offset any 
decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on sale or redemption of such a 
Warrant against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised by him or her from other Notes 
with a predominant one time interest payment. 
(c) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one time interest payment: If a Warrant classifies for tax purposes as a 
straight bond, i.e. as an instrument without derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein, and if such 
Warrant does not include a predominant one time interest payment (i.e., its yield to maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one time interest payment such as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such 
a Warrant as a private asset is required to include any periodic and one time interest payments received 
on such a Warrant, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, in 
his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and is taxable on any net taxable income 
(including such amounts) for the relevant tax period.  A gain, including, inter alia, in respect of interest 
accrued or interest rate or foreign exchange rate, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a 
Warrant is a tax free private capital gain, a non tax deductible private capital loss, respectively. 
Bonds with a predominant one time interest payment: If a Warrant classifies for tax purposes as straight 
bond, i.e. as instrument without derivative financial instruments embedded therein, and if such Warrant 
includes a predominant one time interest payment (i.e., its yield to maturity predominantly derives from a 
one time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic 
interest payments), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Warrant as 
a private asset, is required to include any periodic interest payments received on the Warrant and, in 
addition, any amount equal to the difference between the value of the Warrant at redemption or sale, as 
applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted in each case 
into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, 
respectively, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any 
net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, any gain in respect of interest 
accrued, interest rate or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant tax period.  Notwithstanding thereof, such 
a holder may offset any decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on sale 
or redemption of such a Warrant against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised by him 
or her from other Notes with a predominant one time interest payment.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(d) Fund like Notes 
A Warrant which is classified as fund like instrument will be considered a pass through instrument for Swiss 
tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital gains and losses 
(less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported and distributed separately.  
Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund like Note as part of his or her private assets receives 
taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over such portion of distributions (in case the fund 
is distributing the income realised on the underlying investments) or credits (in case the fund is reinvesting 
the income realised on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable 
costs) on the underlying instruments.  Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on 
the underlying investments constitute a tax free private capital gain, and any respective loss a non tax 
deductible private capital loss.  Any gain realised within a taxation period on the sale of a fund like Note 
(including accrued dividends and interest) is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, 
conversely, any loss realised on such a Note a non tax deductible capital loss. 
Warrants held as Assets of a Swiss Business (including deemed Professional Notes Dealers) 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Warrants as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the 
case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Warrants (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the 
respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss resident individuals who for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Notes dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Notes. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial institutions 
are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by means of group 
requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred automatically in 
the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of administrative assistance 
on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the 
Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on changing the current direct 
notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities.  
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the MCAA). 
The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance convention and 
is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information (the AEOI). The 
Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the AEOI Act) entered 
into force on 1 January 2017.  The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation of the AEOI standard 
in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The 
agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland 
exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Warrants, held in, and income

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of 
individuals resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state. 
Germany Taxation 
The following general description does not consider all aspects of income taxation in the Federal 
Republic of Germany (“Germany”) that may be relevant to a prospective investor in the Warrants 
in the light of the investor’s particular circumstances and income tax situation. This general 
description is based on German tax laws and regulations, all as currently in effect and all subject 
to change at any time, possibly with retrospective effect. 
German tax resident investors holding the Warrants as private assets 
Taxation of income from the Warrants 
If the Warrants are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by an individual investor whose residence or 
habitual abode is in Germany, capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Warrants are generally 
taxed as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) at a 25 per cent. flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) 
(plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable to the individual 
investor, church tax (Kirchensteuer)).  
The capital gain is generally determined as the difference between the proceeds from the sale or 
redemption of the Warrants and the acquisition costs. Special rules may apply in case of physical 
settlements. Expenses directly and factually related (unmittelbarer sachlicher Zusammenhang) to the sale 
or redemption are taken into account in computing the taxable capital gain. Otherwise, the deduction of 
related expenses for tax purposes is not permitted.  
Where the Warrants are acquired and/or sold in a currency other than Euro, the acquisition costs will be 
converted into Euro at the time of acquisition, the sales proceeds will be converted in Euro at the time of 
sale, and only the difference will then be computed in Euro. 
The flat tax is generally collected by way of withholding (see subsequent paragraph – Withholding tax) and 
the tax withheld shall generally satisfy the individual investor’s tax liability with respect to the Warrants. If, 
however, no or not sufficient tax was withheld other than by virtue of a withholding tax exemption request 
(Freistellungsauftrag) (e.g., in case there is no Domestic Paying Agent, as defined below) the investor will 
have to include the income received with respect to the Warrants in its annual income tax return. The flat 
tax will then be collected by way of tax assessment. The investor may also opt for inclusion of investment 
income in its income tax return if the aggregated amount of tax withheld on investment income during the 
year exceeded the investor’s aggregated flat tax liability on investment income (e.g., because of available 
losses carried forward or foreign tax credits). If the investor’s individual income tax rate which is applicable 
on all taxable income including the investment income is lower than 25 per cent., the investor may opt to 
be taxed at individual progressive rates with respect to its investment income.  
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of Warrants held as private assets are generally tax-recognised 
irrespective of the holding period of the Warrants. The offsetting of losses incurred by an individual investor, 
if the Warrants are held as private assets is however subject to several restrictions. Losses incurred with 
respect to the Warrants can generally only be offset against investment income realised in the same or the 
following years. Capital losses of individual investors resulting from a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall), a 
waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht), if the Warrants expire worthless or from a transfer of worthless 
Warrants can only be set-off against investment income up to an amount of EUR 20,000 per annum. 
Losses exceeding that threshold can be carried forward and set-off against investment income up to an 
amount of EUR 20,000 per annum in subsequent years, subject to certain requirements. Further, if the 
Warrants were classified as derivative transactions (Termingeschäfte) within the meaning of sec. 20 para. 
2 sent. 1 no. 3 German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) for tax purposes, capital losses of 
individual investors can only be offset against investment income within the meaning of sec. 20 para. 2

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
sent. 1 no. 3 and within the meaning of sec. 20 para. 2 sent. 1 no. 11 German Income Tax Act up to an 
amount of EUR 20,000.00 per annum. Losses exceeding that threshold can be carried forward, subject to 
certain requirements. Based on recent guidance provided by the German tax authorities losses which fall 
within the scope of the loss offset limitation will in principle not be recognised for withholding tax purposes 
but need to be claimed by way of tax assessment (see below). 
Capital losses may not be used to offset other income like employment or business income but may only 
be offset against investment income within the limitations described above. Losses not utilised in one year 
may not be carried back into preceding years. 
Individual investors are entitled to a saver´s lump sum tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for investment 
income of 801 Euro per year (1,602 Euro for jointly assessed investors). Pursuant to the 2022 Annual Tax 
Act (Jahressteuergesetz 2022) the amount of the allowance is increased to 1,000 Euro per year (2,000 
Euro for jointly assessed investors) as from 1 January 2023. The saver’s lump sum tax allowance is also 
taken into account for purposes of withholding tax (see subsequent paragraph – Withholding tax) if the 
investor has filed a withholding tax exemption request (Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic 
Paying Agent (as defined below). The deduction of related expenses for tax purposes is not permitted. 
Since the assessment period 2021 the solidarity surcharge is only levied for wage tax and income tax 
purposes if the individual income tax of the Warrantholder exceeds the threshold of EUR 16,956 (EUR 
33,912 for jointly assessed investors). The solidarity surcharge continues to be applicable for withholding 
tax, the flat tax regime and the corporate income tax. If the income tax burden for an individual is lower 
than the flat tax of 25% and the holder applies for his/her capital investment income being assessed at the 
individual tariff-based in-come tax rate (see above) the solidarity surcharge is refunded. 
Withholding tax 
If the Warrants are kept or administered from the time of their acquisition in a domestic securities deposit 
account 
with 
a 
German 
credit 
institution 
(Kreditinstitut) 
or 
financial 
services 
institution 
(Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) (or with a German branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), 
or with a German securities trading company (Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or a German securities 
trading bank (Wertpapierhandelsbank) (each a “Domestic Paying Agent”) which pays or credits the 
capital gains, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon, resulting in 
a total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent, is levied on the capital gains. Special rules may apply in 
case of physical settlements. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if 
church tax applies and is collected for the individual investor by way of withholding which is provided for 
as a standard procedure unless the holder has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German 
Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern).  
If the Warrants were sold or redeemed after being transferred to a securities deposit account with a 
Domestic Paying Agent, 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus solidarity surcharge thereon) would be levied 
on 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale or the redemption, as the case may be, unless the investor 
or the previous depository bank was able and allowed to prove evidence for the investor’s actual acquisition 
costs to the Domestic Paying Agent. Special rules may apply in case of physical settlements. The 
applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church tax applies and is collected 
for the individual investor by way of withholding which is provided for as a standard procedure unless the 
holder has filed a blocking notice with the German Federal Central Tax Office. 
German resident investors holding the Warrants as business assets 
Taxation of income from the Warrants  
If the Warrants are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) by an individual or corporate investor 
which is tax resident in Germany (i.e., a corporation with its statutory seat or place of management in 
Germany), capital gains from the Warrants are subject to personal income tax at individual progressive

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
rates up to 45 per cent. or corporate income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and church tax, if applicable to the individual investor) and, in general, trade tax. The 
effective trade tax rate depends on the applicable trade tax factor (Gewerbesteuer-Hebesatz) of the 
relevant municipality where the business is located. In case of individual investors, the trade tax may, 
however, be partially or fully creditable against the investor’s personal income tax liability depending on 
the applicable trade tax factor and the investor’s particular circumstances.  
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the Warrants should generally be tax-recognised and may 
generally be offset against other income. It can however not be ruled out that certain Warrants may be 
classified as derivative transactions (Termingeschäfte) within the meaning of sec. 15 para. 4 sent. 3 
German Income Tac Act. In this case, any capital losses from such Warrants would be subject to a special 
ring-fencing provision and could generally only be offset against gains from other derivative transactions. 
Withholding tax 
No withholding is generally required on capital gains from the disposal or redemption of the Warrants which 
is derived by German resident corporate investors and, upon application, by individual investors holding 
the Warrants as assets of a German business, subject to certain requirements. If such requirements are 
not met and the Warrants are kept or administered by a Domestic Paying Agent which pays or credits the 
capital gains, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon, resulting in 
a total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent, is generally levied on the capital gains. Special rules may 
apply in case of physical settlements. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the 
aforementioned rate if church tax applies and is collected for the individual investor by way of withholding 
which is provided for as a standard procedure unless the holder has filed a blocking notice with the German 
Federal Central Tax Office.  
Any capital losses incurred from the disposal or redemption of the Warrants will not be taken into account 
for withholding tax purposes. The withholding tax does not satisfy the investor’s personal or corporate 
income tax liability with respect to the Warrants. The income from the Warrants will have to be included in 
the investor’s personal or corporate income tax return.  
Any German withholding tax (including surcharges) is generally fully creditable against the investor’s 
personal or corporate income tax liability or refundable, as the case may be.  
Non-German tax resident investors  
Income derived from the Warrants by investors who are not tax resident in Germany is in general not 
subject to German income taxation, and no withholding tax shall be withheld, unless (i) the Warrants are 
held as business assets of a German permanent establishment of the investor or by a permanent German 
representative of the investor or (ii) the income derived from the Warrants does otherwise constitute 
German source income (such as income from the letting and leasing of certain property located in 
Germany) or (iii) the income is paid by a Domestic Paying Agent against presentation of the Warrants (so-
called over-the-counter transaction, Tafelgeschäfte). 
If the income derived from the Warrants is subject to German taxation according to (i) through (iii) above, 
the income is subject to German income taxation and withholding tax similar to that described above for 
German tax residents. Under certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or 
tax exemptions under applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with 
Germany. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
If the Issuer exercises the right to substitute the debtor of the Warrants, the substitution might, for German 
tax purposes, be treated as a redemption of the Warrants in exchange for new warrants issued by the new

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
issuer and subject to similar taxation rules like the Warrants. In particular, such a substitution could result 
in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss for any investor of a Warrant. 
Inheritance tax and gift tax 
The transfer of the Warrants to another person by way of gift or inheritance may be subject to German gift 
or inheritance tax, respectively, if inter alia 
(i) 
the testator, the donor, the heir, the donee or any other acquirer had his residence, habitual abode 
or, in case of a corporation, association (Personenvereinigung) or estate (Vermögensmasse), has 
its seat or place of management in Germany at the time of the transfer of property, 
(ii) 
except as provided under (i), the testator’s or donor’s Warrants belong to business assets 
attributable to a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Germany.  
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. 
Prospective holders are urged to consult with their tax advisor to determine the particular inheritance or 
gift tax consequences in light of their particular circumstances. 
Other taxes  
The purchase, sale or other disposal of the Warrants does not give rise to capital transfer tax, value added 
tax, stamp duties or similar taxes or charges in Germany. However, under certain circumstances 
entrepreneurs may choose liability to value added tax with regard to the sale of Warrants to other 
entrepreneurs which would otherwise be tax exempt. Net wealth tax (Vermögensteuer) is, at present, not 
levied in Germany.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Section D.8 — NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF WARRANTS AND 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Warrants are advised to consult legal counsel prior 
to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale, delivery or other transfer of such Warrants. 
Permanent Global Warrants: 
Each purchaser of Warrants represented by a Permanent Global Warrant or an interest therein will, by its 
purchase of such Warrants, be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in 
this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S or the Conditions are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it is outside the United States, it is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchase, it is not purchasing the Warrants 
for the account or benefit of a person who is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser, and it will not at any 
time offer, sell, resell, deliver or transfer, directly or indirectly, any Warrants in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any persons other than Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers or to others for offer, 
sale, resale, trade, delivery or transfer, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any persons other than Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers; 
(b) 
that it will not make offers, sales, resales, deliveries or transfers of any Warrants (otherwise acquired), 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, any person other than 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser; 
(c) 
that no person which is not a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser may at any time trade or maintain a position 
in the Warrants and that a person entitled to receive an interim payment will be required to certify that 
both it and the beneficial owner of the instrument is a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser;  
(d) 
that any person exercising a Warrant will be required to represent that it is a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser and is not a U.S. person; 
(e) 
that no Warrants are being offered and sold in a transaction involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that no Warrants have been or will be registered 
under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. State securities laws and no Warrants may be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons other than Permitted Non-
U.S. Purchasers; 
(f) 
that the Warrants represented by its Global Warrant may only be transferred outside the United States 
to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable United States state securities laws; 
(g) 
that the Warrants and any Entitlements do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the 
Warrants has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA; 
(h) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Warrantholder to, notify any purchaser of Warrants from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in (a) through (h) above; 
(i) 
that in issuing a Warrant linked to any Underlying, the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) is not making, and has not made, any representations whatsoever as to the Underlying 
or any information contained in any document filed by the issuer of such Underlying with any exchange 
or with any governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Warrant linked to any 
Underlying; 
(j) 
that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any affiliate thereof may, 
whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any 
time hereafter be in possession of information in relation to the issuer of a Underlying which is or may be

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
material in the context of an issue of Warrants linked to such Underlying and which is not or may not be 
known to the general public or any Warrantholder. Warrants linked to any Underlying do not create any 
obligation on the part of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any affiliate 
thereof to disclose to any Warrantholder any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) 
and neither the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) nor any affiliate thereof shall 
be liable to any Warrantholder by reason of such non-disclosure. No such information had been used in 
the selection of any issuer of an Underlying for any Warrants linked to any Underlying; 
(k) 
that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any affiliate thereof may have 
existing or future business relationships with the issuer of an Underlying (including, but not limited to, 
lending, depositary, risk management, advisory or banking relationships), and will pursue actions and 
take steps that it deems or they deem necessary or appropriate to protect its or their interests arising 
therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Warrantholder of a Warrant linked to the issuer of an 
Underlying; 
(l) 
that the market value of Warrants linked to the issuer of an Underlying may be adversely affected by 
movements in the value of the issuer of the Underlying or in currency exchange rates or general market 
conditions; 
(m) 
that the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of any Warrant may be less than its issue price; 
(n) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 
4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or an employee benefit plan 
or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(o) 
that Warrants offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented a Global 
Warrant; 
(p) 
that Global Warrants will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED 
NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE 
U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”), AND THE RULES 
OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (“CFTC”) THEREUNDER. 
FURTHERMORE, THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER AS AN 
INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS 
AMENDED. 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, RESOLD, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF A 
WARRANT OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
REPRESENTS THAT 
(A) 
IT ACQUIRED THE WARRANT OR SUCH BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN 
“OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“REGULATION S”));

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(B) 
(X) IT IS NOT A “U.S. PERSON” AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 
902(k)(1) OF REGULATION S; (Y) UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE 
RELEVANT ISSUE TERMS, IT DOES NOT COME WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF 
U.S. PERSON FOR ANY PURPOSE UNDER THE CEA OR ANY RULE, ORDER, 
GUIDANCE OR INTERPRETATION PROPOSED OR ISSUED BY THE CFTC 
UNDER THE CEA (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, A U.S. PERSON SHALL 
INCLUDE WITHOUT LIMITATION (I) ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A “NON-
UNITED STATES PERSON” AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) 
THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE 
NOT “NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS”, (II) ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A 
“FOREIGN LOCATED PERSON” AS DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 3.10(C)(1)(II), (III) 
ANY PERSON WHO IS A “U.S. PERSON” OR A “SIGNIFICANT RISK 
SUBSIDIARY”, OR BENEFITS FROM A “GUARANTEE”, IN EACH CASE AS 
SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 23.23(A) UNDER THE CEA, AS 
IN EACH CASE AS SUCH RULE MAY BE AMENDED, REVISED, 
SUPPLEMENTED OR SUPERSEDED), AND (Z) IS NOT A “U.S. PERSON” AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 3a71-3(a)(4) UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (ANY SUCH PERSON SATISFYING 
(X), (Y) AND (Z) IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, A “PERMITTED NON-U.S. 
PURCHASER”; AND 
(C) 
IF IT IS ACQUIRING THE WARRANT OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH OTHER 
PERSON IS ALSO A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER; 
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME 
DURING THE TERM OF THE WARRANT, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE WARRANT OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS 
APPLICABLE, EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER ACTING FOR ITS 
OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERMITTED 
NON-U.S. PURCHASER IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED ABOVE) 
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO 
HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY WARRANT OR INTEREST IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING; 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING AT 
ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE WARRANT WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND 
EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY 
RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE 
CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT OR ANY OTHER 
INTERMEDIARY;  
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER IS NO LONGER A 
PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) COMPEL 
THE ACQUIRER TO SELL THE WARRANT OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS 
APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER OR (B) 
COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO TRANSFER THE WARRANT OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO THE ISSUER, CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS LIMITED OR AN AFFILIATE OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED, 
IN EACH CASE, FOR THE LEAST OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
THE BENEFICIAL OWNER, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT 
THEREOF AND (Z) THE FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND 
(5) 
(I) AGREES IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A WARRANT AGENT, TO 
PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE 
TRANSFER OF WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS PERMANENT GLOBAL 
WARRANT 
IS 
PERMISSIBLE 
UNDER 
THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
AND 
(II) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR A WARRANT AGENT MAY COMPEL EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE WARRANTS TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER, INCLUDING 
CERTIFYING PERMITTED NON-U.S. PURCHASER STATUS HEREUNDER IN 
CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCOUNT OR PAYMENT INFORMATION PROVIDED BY 
THE BENEFICIAL OWNER FOLLOWING ANY AUTOMATIC OR DEEMED EXERCISE 
OF THIS WARRANT. 
Each purchaser of a Warrant represented by a Permanent Global Warrant or an interest therein will, by its 
purchase of such Warrants, be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows: 
 
(a) 
you understand that the Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and agree that you will not, at any time during the term of the 
Warrants, offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Warrants, except in an “offshore transaction” (as 
such term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) to a Permitted Non-
U.S. Purchaser (as such term is defined below) acting for its own account or for the account or benefit of 
another Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser; 
(b) 
you understand and acknowledge that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the Issuer under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), and the 
rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) thereunder, and that the Issuer has 
not registered and will not register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act 
of 1940, as amended; 
(c) 
you are not a “U.S. person” as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, you do not come within any definition of U.S. person for 
any purpose under the CEA or any rule, order, guidance or interpretation proposed or issued by the 
CFTC under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, a U.S. person shall include without limitation (i) any 
person who is either (A) not a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible 
persons who are not “Non-United States persons” or (B) not a “foreign located person” as defined in 
CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (ii) any person who is a “U.S. Person” or a “Significant Risk Subsidiary”, or 
benefits from a “Guarantee”, in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the 
CEA, as such rule may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded), and (iii) are not a “U.S. 
Person” as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (any person falling within this clause (c), a “Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser”); 
(d) 
if you are acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is also a Permitted Non-
U.S. Purchaser; 
(e) 
you understand and acknowledge that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner of an 
interest in the Warrants to certify periodically that such beneficial owner is a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser; 
(f) 
you understand and acknowledge that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an 
interest in the Warrants in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Warrants;

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
(g) 
you understand and acknowledge that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner who is not 
a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser to (i) sell its interest in the Warrants to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser 
or (ii) transfer its interest in the Warrants to the Issuer, a Dealer or an affiliate of a Dealer, in each case, 
at a price equal to the least of (x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner, (y) 100 per 
cent. of the principal amount thereof and (z) the fair market value thereof;  
(h) 
you understand that Warrants will bear a legend to the effect set forth above under “Subscription, Sale 
and Transfer Restrictions”; and  
(i) 
you understand that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the 
Warrants will be null and void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, 
notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer, Principal Warrant Agent, the Registrar or 
any intermediary. 
Warrants Other Than Permanent Global Warrants: 
Each purchaser of Warrants represented by Rule 144A Global Warrants, Regulations S Global Warrants, 
Combined Global Warrants, or Private Placement Definitive Warrants, or an interest therein will, by its 
purchase of such Warrants, be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in 
this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A, Regulation S or the Conditions are used herein as defined 
therein): 
(a) 
That either: (i) in the case of the issue or transfer of a Warrant to or for a person who takes delivery in 
the form of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the 
Warrants for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware, and each beneficial 
owner of such Warrants has been advised, that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or 
(ii) in the case of the issue or transfer of Warrants to or for a person who takes delivery in the form of a 
Private Placement Definitive Warrant, it is an IAI, purchasing (or holding) such Warrant for its own 
account or for the account of one or more IAIs and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Warrant 
has been advised, that any sale to it is being made in reliance on an exemption from the registration 
required under the Securities Act and it has delivered an Investor Representation Letter or (iii) in the case 
of the issue or transfer of a Warrant to or for a person who takes delivery in the form of Warrants 
represented by a Combined Global Warrant, either (x) it is a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Warrants 
for its own account or the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware and each beneficial owner of such 
Warrants has been advised that any sale is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (y) it is outside the 
United States, is not a U.S. person and is not purchasing the Warrants for the account or benefit of a 
U.S. person, or (iv) it is outside the United States, is not a U.S. person and is not purchasing the Warrants 
for the account or benefit of a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that in issuing a Warrant linked to any Underlying, the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) is not making, and has not made, any representations whatsoever as to the Underlying 
or any information contained in any document filed by the issuer of such Underlying with any exchange 
or with any governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Warrant linked to any 
Underlying; 
(c) 
that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any affiliate thereof may, 
whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any 
time hereafter be in possession of information in relation to the issuer of a Underlying which is or may be 
material in the context of an issue of Warrants linked to such Underlying and which is not or may not be 
known to the general public or any Warrantholder. Warrants linked to any Underlying do not create any 
obligation on the part of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any affiliate 
thereof to disclose to any Warrantholder any such relationship or information (whether or not confidential) 
and neither the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) nor any affiliate thereof shall

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
be liable to any Warrantholder by reason of such non-disclosure. No such information had been used in 
the selection of any issuer of an Underlying for any Warrants linked to any Underlying; 
(d) 
that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any affiliate thereof may have 
existing or future business relationships with the issuer of an Underlying (including, but not limited to, 
lending, depositary, risk management, advisory or banking relationships), and will pursue actions and 
take steps that it deems or they deem necessary or appropriate to protect its or their interests arising 
therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Warrantholder of a Warrant linked to the issuer of an 
Underlying; 
(e) 
that the market value of Warrants linked to the issuer of an Underlying may be adversely affected by 
movements in the value of the issuer of the Underlying or in currency exchange rates or general market 
conditions; 
(f) 
that the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of any Warrant may be less than its issue price; 
(g) 
that no Warrants are being offered and sold in a transaction involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that no Warrants have been or will be registered 
under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. State securities laws and no Warrants may be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(h) 
that, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Warrants or any beneficial 
interests in the Warrants, it will do so, only (a) in the case of Rule 144A Global Warrants and Combined 
Global Warrants inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB 
purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A, (b) in the case of Regulation S Global Warrants and Combined Global 
Warrants outside the United States to a non-U.S. person in compliance with Regulation S, (c) if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is an IAI, 
purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more IAIs, and who has delivered an Investor 
Representation Letter, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Section 4(2) or (d) pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case, in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. state securities laws and as provided in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(i) 
that the Warrants and any Entitlements do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended; 
(j) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Warrantholder to, notify any purchaser of Warrants from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in (viii) above, if then applicable; 
(k) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, 
an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 
4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or an employee benefit plan 
or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(l) 
that Warrants offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, 
that Warrants offered to IAIs will be in the form of Private Placement Definitive Warrants and that 
Warrants offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Warrant, although Warrants concurrently offered in the United States to QIBs and 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons may be represented by a Combined Global Warrant;

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(m) 
that Rule 144A Global Warrants will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS, THE WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT ARE EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS. 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.   
WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS 
AVAILABLE.  THE WARRANTS [AND ANY ENTITLEMENTS] DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE 
NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE 
DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, AND TRADING IN THE WARRANTS HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION 
PURSUANT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED.  THE 
PURCHASER OF ANY WARRANT REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT 
ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THE WARRANTS SET FORTH 
BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER ANY WARRANT ONLY AS PROVIDED IN 
THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE ISSUE TERMS ATTACHED 
HERETO. 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT BE 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE WARRANT 
AGREEMENT AND ISSUE TERMS REFERRED TO HEREIN PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 
144A OR REGULATION S OR AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN SUCH PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
AND A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND SHALL BE DELIVERED 
TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL 
WARRANT ARE TRANSFERRED. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS 
RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT (A) IT AND 
EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A AND (B) IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING 
OF THE WARRANTS IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE 
U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) OR AN EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE.  ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT MAY, IF APPLICABLE, REQUIRE 
THE TRANSFEROR TO SUBMIT TO THE RELEVANT WARRANT AGENT A CERTIFICATE OF 
TRANSFER, IN THE APPROPRIATE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 10, 12 OR 13 TO THE 
WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN[, TOGETHER, IN THE CASE OF 
TRANSFERS TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, WITH A 
DULY EXECUTED INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE RELEVANT 
TRANSFEREE, IN THE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 TO THE WARRANT AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN]5.  IF AT ANY TIME THE [PRINCIPAL/NEW YORK]6 WARRANT AGENT 
SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUERS THAT 
THE HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A 
GLOBAL WARRANT WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE PURPORTED 
TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A “DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE”) AND 
THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT A DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER THEREOF 
RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH HOLDER. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A WARRANT AGENT, THE PURCHASER AGREES TO 
PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF 
WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL WARRANT IS PERMISSIBLE 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE WARRANTS AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR 
RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE WARRANTS TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY.  THE PURCHASER OF A WARRANT REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A 
GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT. 
[UNLESS THIS GLOBAL WARRANT IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT 
AND ANY GLOBAL WARRANT ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL WARRANT OR ANY 
PORTION THEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER 
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON OTHER THAN DTC 
OR A NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER 
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]7" 
(n) 
that Combined Global Warrants will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS, THE WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT ARE EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS. 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
 
5 Applicable if permitted under the applicable Issue Terms.  
6 Principal Warrant Agent – applicable if 144A Global Warrant is held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear. New York Warrant Agent – applicable if 144A Global Warrant is held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC.  
7 Applicable if 144A Global Warrant is to be held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.  
WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS 
AVAILABLE.  THE WARRANTS [AND ANY ENTITLEMENTS] DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE 
NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE 
DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, AND TRADING IN THE WARRANTS HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION 
PURSUANT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED.  THE 
PURCHASER OF ANY WARRANT REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT 
ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THE WARRANTS SET FORTH 
BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER ANY WARRANT ONLY AS PROVIDED IN 
THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE ISSUE TERMS ATTACHED 
HERETO. 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT BE 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE WARRANT 
AGREEMENT AND ISSUE TERMS REFERRED TO HEREIN PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 
144A OR REGULATION S OR AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN SUCH ISSUE TERMS AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS INCLUDING THE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND SHALL BE DELIVERED TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT ARE TRANSFERRED. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS 
COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT (A) IT AND 
EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS EITHER (1) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A, AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR (2) NOT A U.S. PERSON AND HAS 
ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
REGULATION S AND (B) IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE WARRANTS 
IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY 
SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  ANY RESALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER OF INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL 
WARRANT SHALL REQUIRE THE TRANSFEROR TO SUBMIT TO THE RELEVANT WARRANT 
AGENT A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER, IN THE APPROPRIATE FORM SET FORTH IN 
SCHEUDLE 12 OR 13 TO THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN[, TOGETHER, 
IN THE CASE OF TRANSFERS TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, WITH A DULY EXECUTED INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE 
RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 TO THE WARRANT

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN]8.  IF AT ANY TIME THE PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT 
SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT 
THE HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED 
GLOBAL WARRANT WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE PURPORTED 
TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A “DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE”) AND 
THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT A DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER THEREOF 
RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH HOLDER. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT (I) AGREES IF 
REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A WARRANT AGENT, TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION 
NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF WARRANTS REPRESENTED 
BY THIS COMBINED GLOBAL WARRANT IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR A WARRANT AGENT MAY COMPEL EACH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE WARRANTS TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A PERMITTED HOLDER, INCLUDING CERTIFYING QIB OR NON-U.S. 
PERSON STATUS HEREUNDER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCOUNT OR PAYMENT 
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER FOLLOWING ANY AUTOMATIC OR 
DEEMED EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT. 
THE WARRANTS AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR 
RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE WARRANTS TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY.  THE PURCHASER OF A WARRANT REPRESENTED BY THIS COMBINED 
GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT."; 
(o) 
that Private Placement Definitive Warrants will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"[THIS WARRANT IS AN EQUITY LINKED WARRANT.]9 
THIS WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES.  THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.  THE 
WARRANTS [AND ANY ENTITLEMENTS] DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN 
MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR 
OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS 
AMENDED, AND TRADING IN THE WARRANTS HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE UNITED 
STATES COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE UNITED 
STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED.  THE PURCHASER OF THIS 
WARRANT, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE 
TRANSFER OF THIS WARRANT SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL 
 
8 Applicable if permitted under the applicable Issue Terms.  
9 Applicable unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
TRANSFER THIS WARRANT ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE ISSUE TERMS ATTACHED HERETO. 
THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE WARRANT AGREEMENT AND ISSUE TERMS REFERRED TO 
HEREIN PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A OR REGULATION S OR AS OTHERWISE 
SPECIFIED IN SUCH ISSUE TERMS AND A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND SHALL BE DELIVERED TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS WARRANT IS 
TRANSFERRED. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT (A) IT AND 
ANY HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND (B) IT IS NOT, AND ITS 
PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE WARRANTS IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH 
"PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), A 
PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
“CODE”) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT 
TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF INTEREST IN 
THIS WARRANT MAY, IF APPLICABLE, REQUIRE THE TRANSFEROR TO SUBMIT TO THE 
DEFINITIVE WARRANT AGENT A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER, IN THE APPROPRIATE FORM 
SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 10, SCHEDULE 11, SCHEDULE 12 OR SCHEDULE 13 TO THE 
WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN[, TOGETHER, IN THE CASE OF A 
TRANSFER TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, WITH A DULY EXECUTED 
INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE FORM 
SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 TO THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN]10.  IF 
AT ANY TIME THE DEFINITIVE WARRANT AGENT SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES OR IS 
SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT THE HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS 
WARRANT WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE PURPORTED 
TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A “DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE”) AND 
THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT A DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER THEREOF 
RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH HOLDER. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A WARRANT AGENT, THE PURCHASER AGREES TO 
PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF 
THIS WARRANT IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THIS WARRANT AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR 
RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS WARRANT TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
 
10 Applicable if permitted under the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY.  BY THE ACCEPTANCE OF THIS WARRANT, THE PURCHASER THEREOF 
SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT."; 
(p) 
that Regulation S Global Warrants will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS, THE WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT ARE EQUITY LINKED 
WARRANTS. 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES.  WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.  THE WARRANTS [AND ANY ENTITLEMENTS] DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A 
COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE UNITED 
STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, AND TRADING IN THE WARRANTS 
HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS 
AMENDED.  THE PURCHASER OF ANY WARRANT REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S 
GLOBAL WARRANT ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THE 
WARRANTS SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER ANY WARRANT 
ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE 
ISSUE TERMS ATTACHED HERETO. 
THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT BE 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE WARRANT 
AGREEMENT AND ISSUE TERMS REFERRED TO HEREIN PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 
144A OR REGULATION S OR AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN SUCH ISSUE TERMS AND A 
NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND SHALL BE DELIVERED TO 
EACH PERSON TO WHOM WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL 
WARRANT ARE TRANSFERRED.  THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S 
GLOBAL WARRANT MAY NOT BE EXERCISED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY U.S. PERSON (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S). 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS 
REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT (A) IT AND 
EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND THAT IT AND EACH SUCH 
HOLDER HAS ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S AND (B) IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING 
OF THE WARRANTS IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE 
U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) OR AN EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
CODE.  ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL REQUIRE THE 
TRANSFEROR TO SUBMIT TO THE PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT A CERTIFICATE OF 
TRANSFER, IN THE APPROPRIATE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 10, SCHEDULE 11 OR 
SCHEDULE 12 TO THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN[, TOGETHER, IN 
THE CASE OF TRANSFERS TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 501(a) (1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, WITH A DULY EXECUTED INVESTOR REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE 
RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 TO THE WARRANT 
AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN]11.  IF AT ANY TIME THE PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT 
SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT 
THE HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION 
S GLOBAL WARRANT WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION 
OR AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE PURPORTED 
TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A “DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE”) AND 
THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT A DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER THEREOF 
RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH HOLDER. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT (I) AGREES 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A WARRANT AGENT, TO PROVIDE THE 
INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF WARRANTS 
REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL WARRANT IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR A WARRANT AGENT 
MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE WARRANTS TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY 
THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS A PERMITTED HOLDER, INCLUDING CERTIFYING NON-
U.S. PERSON STATUS HEREUNDER IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCOUNT OR PAYMENT 
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER FOLLOWING ANY AUTOMATIC OR 
DEEMED EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT. 
THE WARRANTS AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR 
RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE WARRANTS TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY.  THE PURCHASER OF WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S 
GLOBAL WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT."; 
(q) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMFL Guarantor, if 
applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to be necessary to verify the accuracy of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or otherwise and the applicable Issue Terms and it 
has not relied on the Managers or any person affiliated with the Managers in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; and 
(r) 
that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if 
any of such acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL); and if it is 
 
11 Applicable if permitted under the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
acquiring any Warrants as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
IAIs who purchase Warrants in definitive form offered and sold in the United States in reliance upon the 
exemption from registration provided by the Securities Act are required to execute and deliver to the 
Definitive Warrant Agent an Investor Representation Letter.  Upon execution and delivery of an Investor 
Representation Letter by an IAI, Private Placement Definitive Warrants will be issued. 
The Investor Representation Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the IAI has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms relating to the 
Warrants and such other information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment 
decision; 
(ii) 
that the IAI understands that any subsequent transfer of the Warrants is subject to certain 
restrictions and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms relating to the 
Warrants (including those set out above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer the Warrants except in compliance with, such restrictions and 
conditions and the Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the investor invests in or purchases securities similar to 
the Warrants; 
(iv) 
that the purchaser and each account for which it is acting is an IAI within the meaning of Rule 
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of its investment in the Warrants, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to 
bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period of time; 
(v) 
that the IAI is acquiring the Warrants purchased by it for its own account or for one or more 
accounts (each of which is an IAI) as to each of which it exercises sole investment discretion and 
not with a view to any resale, distribution or other disposition of the Warrants, subject, 
nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and 
remain within its control; 
(vi) 
that the IAI acknowledges that (a) it did not rely on any investigation that the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL), any affiliates thereof or any person acting on their behalf 
may have conducted with respect to any Relevant Asset or the issuer of any such Relevant Asset, 
and none of such persons has made any representation to it, express or implied, with respect to 
any such Relevant Asset and the issuer of any such Relevant Asset; (b) it conducted and relied 
on its own investigation with respect to the Relevant Asset; (c) it received all information that it 
believes is necessary or appropriate in connection with any such Relevant Asset; and 
(vii) 
that the IAI is not, and its purchase and holding of the Warrants is not made on behalf of or with 
"plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement account or other 
arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules 
or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Section D.9 - INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO BENCHMARK REFORM 
AND THE DISCONTINUANCE AND REPLACEMENT OF "IBORS" 
The fallback provisions described in General Condition 18 (Administrator/Benchmark Event), General 
Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and General Condition 20 (USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions) of the General Condition for English Law Warrants; and General Condition 19 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event), General Condition 20 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and General 
Condition 21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Condition for German Law Warrants, as 
applicable, apply as follows: 
USD LIBOR: 
• 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify U.S. 
Dollar LIBOR ("USD LIBOR") to be applicable in respect of the Warrants, General Condition 
20 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Condition for English Law Warrants or 
General Condition 21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) of the General Condition for 
German Law Warrants, as applicable, (the "USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions") shall apply. 
• 
A Benchmark Transition Event occurs with respect to a USD Benchmark (which could be 
USD LIBOR or the relevant Benchmark Replacement) where there has been a public 
statement or publication of information by, amongst others, the administrator of the USD 
Benchmark which states that the administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the USD Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, or by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD 
Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative, 
of the underlying market and economic reality that such USD Benchmark is intended to 
measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 
• 
If the Calculation Agent cannot determine the relevant USD Benchmark by interpolating 
from other tenors of the USD Benchmark, the next-available alternative under the USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions will apply to replace the relevant USD Benchmark in respect of 
the Warrants. In order, these replacement alternatives are as follows: 
(a) 
the replacement rate shall be the applicable fallback reference rate as determined by 
the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), together with an 
adjustment; 
(b) 
if (a) is not available, if a form of Term SOFR has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such Term 
SOFR, together with an adjustment; 
(c) 
if (a) and (b) are not available, if a form of compounded SOFR has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body or alternatively the Calculation 
Agent, then the replacement rate shall be such Compounded SOFR, together with an 
adjustment; 
(d) 
if (a), (b) and (c) are not available, if an alternate rate of interest has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall 
be such alternate rate, together with an adjustment;  
(e) 
if (a), (b). (c) and (d) are not available, then the replacement rate shall be as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, together with an adjustment.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
• 
The Calculation Agent has powers to make conforming changes to the terms of the 
Warrants as it decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, 
and to determine a USD Benchmark to apply in respect of the Warrants on an interim basis. 
For related risks see "Interest on Warrants linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a 
Benchmark Replacement selected by the Calculation Agent if a Benchmark Transition 
Event occurs" above. 
Reference Rates: 
• 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference 
Rate to be applicable in respect of the Warrants, provided that the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or 
circumstance, General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) of the General 
Condition for English Law Warrants or General Condition 20 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) of the General Condition for German Law Warrants, as applicable; (the 
"Reference Rate Event Provisions") shall apply. 
• 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest 
rate howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to 
the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Calculation Agent 
determines that (i) the Reference Rate has been or will be materially changed, has ceased 
or will cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely and there is no successor 
administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or a regulator or 
other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not 
permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the Warrants; (ii) any authorisation or 
similar in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, refused or similar and 
as a result the Issuer or any other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law 
or regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their obligations under 
the Warrants; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event 
(Limb (iii))" does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the 
Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions or changes in licensing costs; (iv) the 
administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional or other 
supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with applicable 
responsibility announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future 
date will no longer be, representative of any  underlying market and economic reality that 
such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be 
restored, or (v) the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development 
in the over-the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference 
Rate is or will be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter 
derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
• 
The Calculation Agent will seek to determine a replacement Reference Rate which must 
be one of the following: 
(a) 
where applicable, if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating 
from other tenors of the relevant Reference Rate, such interpolated Reference Rate, 
together with an adjustment; or

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
(b) 
a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(c) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, together with 
an adjustment; or 
(d) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to 
be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate, together with an 
adjustment. 
• 
In the alternative, the Calculation Agent may determine that no replacement Reference 
Rate is required or may adjust the term of the Warrants as it determines necessary or 
appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event. Where applicable, if no 
such determination and/or adjustments are made, and if the Calculation Agent determines 
that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement Reference Rate 
or calculate the relevant adjustment, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants.  
• 
The Calculation Agent has powers to make amendments to the terms of the Warrants as it 
considers are necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect of the replacement 
Reference Rate, and to determine the level of the Reference Rate to apply in respect of the 
Warrants on an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Warrants linked to a 
Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by the 
Calculation Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs" above. 
Benchmarks: 
• 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, provided that 
the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions and the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply 
to the relevant event or circumstance, General Condition 18 (Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) of the General Condition for English Law Warrants or General Condition 19 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event) of the General Condition for German Law Warrants, as 
applicable (the "Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions") shall apply. 
• 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Warrants, or the 
value of the Warrants, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that (i) a Benchmark is materially changed, 
cancelled or its use is prohibited by a regulator or other official sector entity in respect of 
the Warrants; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or 
has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the Issuer or any other entity is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants; (iii) unless the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" does not 
apply, it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially 
announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will 
no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or 
economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
• 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Warrants as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or 
circumstance, including, without limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. 
Alternatively and if applicable, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants. For related risks see 
“Occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
Rate as an Underlying: 
• 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, provided that none of the USD 
LIBOR 
Fallback 
Provisions, 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
Event 
Provisions 
and 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions apply to the relevant rate as a result of such 
relevant event or circumstance, the provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 relating to the 
determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in 
the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to the 
consequences of any such Disrupted Day shall apply. 
LIBOR: 
• 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"), the authorised and 
regulated administrator of LIBOR, announced its intention to cease the publication of all 35 
LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021, or for certain USD LIBOR settings, on 30 June 2023 
(the "IBA Announcement"). The IBA notified the FCA of its intention and on the same date, 
the FCA published an announcement on the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmarks (the "FCA Announcement"). The FCA 
Announcement states that all 35 LIBOR maturities and currencies will either cease to be 
published by any administrator or will no longer be representative as follows: 
(i) 
all 7 euro LIBOR ("EUR LIBOR") settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR ("CHF LIBOR") 
settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR ("JPY 
LIBOR") settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR 
("GBP LIBOR") settings, and the 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings will 
cease to be published immediately after 31 December 2021;  
(ii) 
the overnight and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease to be published 
immediately after 30 June 2023;  
(iii) 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month JPY LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month GBP LIBOR settings will no longer be representative immediately after 
31 December 2021; and  
(iv) 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR settings will no longer be 
representative immediately after 30 June 2023. 
On 8 September 2021, the Critical Benchmarks (References and Administrators' Liability) 
Bill (the "Bill") was introduced to the House of Lords and had its first reading. 
The Bill has been designed specifically in light of the FCA’s new powers under the Financial 
Services Act 2021 to designate a critical benchmark (or specified tenors/currencies of such 
benchmark) as an A.23A benchmark under the UK Benchmarks Regulation where it is not 
representative of the market or economic reality it is intended to measure or the 
representativeness of the benchmark is at risk and the representativeness of the 
benchmark cannot or should be maintained or restored. These powers would enable the

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
FCA to change the LIBOR methodology so as to allow the LIBOR rate on the reference 
screen to continue to be published on the basis of the revised methodology: "synthetic 
LIBOR". Further detail applies, but among other things, the Bill introduces provisions 
intended to have the statutory effect under English law governed contracts of ensuring that 
references to LIBOR will be construed to include synthetic LIBOR. 
In June 2021, the FCA consulted on its proposed decision to require synthetic LIBOR for 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling and JPY LIBOR settings and has since confirmed 
the methodology that it will require ICE Benchmark Administration to use to calculate such 
rates. 
As of 1 January 2022, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month GBP and JPY settings 
("Synthetic LIBOR") will be designated by the FCA as A.23A benchmarks. As of this date, 
any new use (within the meaning given to such term in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) of 
Synthetic LIBOR by any supervised entity in scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation will 
be prohibited. Legacy use (within the meaning given to such term in the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) of Synthetic LIBOR by supervised entities in scope of  the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation will however be permitted until further notice, except in cleared derivatives 
transactions. 
Such Synthetic LIBOR will be calculated on a forward-looking term basis plus a fixed spread 
but, there is no guarantee that any such rate will be similar to the original LIBOR rate. In 
addition, there is no guarantee as to how long any Synthetic LIBOR rate will be available. 
The FCA only intend to compel publication of the 1, 3 and 6 month JPY LIBOR settings for 
one year until the end of 2022. No clear statement has been made as to how long the FCA 
intend to compel publication of the 1, 3 and 6 month GBP LIBOR settings. No decision has 
been made on the introduction of synthetic LIBOR for those USD LIBOR settings continuing 
until June 2023 but "new use" (within the meaning given to such term in the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) of these USD LIBOR settings by supervised entities will be prohibited from 1 
January 2022.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
SECTION E — TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
SECTION E.1 — GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS 
The following is the text of the General Conditions of the English Law Warrants which, together 
with the applicable Underlying Schedule(s), the Multi-Underlying Annex, if applicable, the 
Settlement on Exercise Schedule, if applicable, the Participation Conditions Annex, if applicable, 
the APAC Compliance Annex, if applicable, and the applicable Issue Terms, will be attached to 
each Global Warrant (as defined below). The Warrants or Certificates of this Series (as defined below) 
(such Warrants or Certificates being hereinafter referred to either as the “Warrants” or the “Certificates”) 
are issued pursuant to a Master Warrant Agreement dated 14 December 2022 (as supplemented and/or 
amended and/or replaced from time to time, the “Warrant Agreement”) among, inter alia, Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”), Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A (“CGMFL”) each 
as an issuer, Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”) as guarantor in respect of Warrants issued by 
CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the 
“CGMFL Guarantor”), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar (the “Registrar”), Citibank Europe PLC as 
principal warrant agent (the “Principal Warrant Agent”), Citibank N.A., London Branch as authentication 
agent (the Authentication Agent”), and each such expression shall include any successor registrar, 
principal warrant agent, or authentication agent (as the case may be), Citibank Europe PLC as New York 
warrant agent (the “New York Warrant Agent”) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as definitive warrant 
agent (the “Definitive Warrant Agent”, and, together with the Principal Warrant Agent and the New York 
Warrant Agent, the “Warrant Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor warrant 
agents). The Warrants are constituted by the Warrant Agreement as, in the case of Non-Exempt Warrants 
(as defined below), completed by the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, as, in the case of 
Exempt Warrants (as defined below), amended and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and shall become valid obligations of the Issuer when the applicable Issue Terms are attached to a global 
warrant (the “Global Warrant”) or, in the case of Warrants to be issued in definitive form (the “Definitive 
Warrants”), attached to each Definitive Warrant, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “Warrants” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
Certificates so that if “Certificates” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references herein to 
“Warrant”, “Warrants”, “Exempt Warrants”, “Non-Exempt Warrants”, “Global Warrant”, “Global 
Warrants”, “Warrantholder” and “Warrantholders” shall be deemed to be references to “Certificate”, 
“Exempt 
Certificates”, 
“Exempt 
Certificates”, 
“Certificates”, 
“Global 
Certificate”, 
“Global 
Certificates”, “Certificateholder” and “Certificateholders”, respectively. 
In relation to any Series, either CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to “the Issuer” shall be to whichever of CGMHI or CGMFL 
is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Warrants issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“CGMFL Deed of Guarantee”), dated 11 May 2017 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Warrants issued 
by CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are not the subject of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored 
in relation to Warrants issued by CGMHI and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Warrants are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Warrants. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") or, in the case of Warrants which 
are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") or (ii) neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the United Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA and the regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Warrants"

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
and the Warrants the subject of a Final Terms, "Non-Exempt Warrants"), a pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement") which, in the case of Non-Exempt Warrants and the applicable Final Terms, 
completes or, in the case of Exempt Warrants and the applicable Pricing Supplement amends and/or 
replaces the Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s). In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall prevail. 
In the case of English Law Warrants, references herein to the “General Conditions” are to the terms and 
conditions of the Warrants as set out in this section E.1 (General Conditions of the English Law Warrants) 
(excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the additional terms and conditions contained in the Underlying 
Schedules, the Multi-Underlying Annex, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Participation Conditions 
Annex and the APAC Compliance Annex (each as defined below)). 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Warrants (the “Conditions”) means, the General Conditions 
together with the additional terms and conditions contained in (i) in the case of all Warrants, the Settlement 
on Exercise Schedule, (ii) (a) in the case of Index Warrants, Underlying Schedule 1, (b) in the case of 
Equity Warrants, Underlying Schedule 2, (c) in the case of Depository Receipt Warrants, Underlying 
Schedule 3, (d) in the case of ETF Warrants, Underlying Schedule 4, (e) in the case of Mutual Fund 
Warrants, Underlying Schedule 5, (f) in the case of Commodity Warrants, Underlying Schedule 6, (g) in 
the case of Debt Warrants, Underlying Schedule 7, (h) in the case of Currency Warrants, Underlying 
Schedule 8, (i) in the case of Gilt Warrants, Underlying Schedule 9, (j) in the case of Proprietary Index 
Warrants, Underlying Schedule 10, (k) in the case of Credit Warrants, Underlying Schedule 11 and (l) in 
the case of Rate Warrants, Underlying Schedule 12 (each of Underlying Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 
10, 11 and 12, an “Underlying Schedule” and together, the “Underlying Schedules”), (iii) in the case of 
a Tranche of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, the Multi-Underlying Annex, (iv) in the case 
of Warrants which are Participation Certificates, the Participation Conditions Annex and, to the extent 
applicable, the APAC Compliance Annex, and (v) in the case of all Tranches of Warrants, as completed, 
modified, and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the applicable Issue Terms. 
Debt Warrants, Gilt Warrants, Proprietary Index Warrants and Credit Warrants may only be issued in the 
form of Exempt Warrants. 
For the purposes hereof, “Issue Terms” means either (i) where the Warrants are Non-Exempt Warrants, 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and should be construed accordingly. 
References herein to the “applicable Issue Terms” are to Part A of the document (being the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, howsoever defined) attached to the Global Warrant or each Definitive Warrant, as 
the case may be. Copies of the Warrant Agreement, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the applicable 
Issue Terms may be obtained during normal office hours from the specified office of each Warrant Agent 
and the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg. 
The Warrantholders (as defined in General Condition 1(b) are entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to 
have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of the Warrant Agreement (insofar as they relate to the 
Warrants) and the applicable Issue Terms, which are binding on them. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citibank N.A., London Branch, or Citibank N.A, New York Branch (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (the “Calculation 
Agent”) in respect of the terms and conditions of the Warrants unless another entity is so specified as 
calculation agent in the applicable Issue Terms. The expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the 
relevant Warrants, include such other specified calculation agent. 
In the event that (A) the applicable Issue Terms specify that Warrants are eligible for sale in the United 
States (such eligibility to be pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), the Warrants sold in the United States

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
to "qualified institutional buyers" (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the 
Securities Act, will, subject as provided below, be represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant (the “Rule 
144A Global Warrant”), or (B) the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Warrants are eligible for sale in 
the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(2) (“Section 4(2)”) of the Securities Act, the 
Warrants sold in the United States to institutional accredited investors (“IAIs”) (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), 
(2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) will be constituted by Private Placement Definitive Warrants 
(“Private Placement Definitive Warrants”), and (C) in either such case, Warrants are sold outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons, such Warrants will, subject as provided below, be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Warrant (the “Regulation S Global Warrant”). Warrants eligible for sale in the United 
States to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S may also be represented by a combined global warrant (the “Combined Global 
Warrant”). 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Warrants are not eligible for sale in the United 
States, any Warrants will be represented by a Permanent Global Warrant (the “Permanent Global 
Warrant”). Interests in a Permanent Global Warrant may not be transferred to interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Warrant, a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Combined Global Warrant or a Private Placement 
Definitive Warrant, or vice versa. CGMFL will only issue Permanent Global Warrants. 
References herein to a “Global Warrant” include, as the context so requires, a Permanent Global Warrant, 
a Rule 144A Global Warrant, a Regulation S Global Warrant and a Combined Global Warrant. 
Except as otherwise specified herein, Definitive Warrants will not be issued. Each Regulation S Global 
Warrant, Permanent Global Warrant or Combined Global Warrant (if any) will be deposited with a 
depositary (a “Common Depositary”) on behalf of Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”).  Each Rule 144A Global Warrant (if any) will 
be either (i) deposited with the New York Warrant Agent as custodian (the “Custodian”) for, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or (ii) deposited with a Common 
Depositary, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Regulation S Global Warrants, Rule 144A Global 
Warrants, Private Placement Definitive Warrants and Combined Global Warrants, and any Permanent 
Global Warrant issued by CGMHI will only be issued in relation to equity linked Warrants. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, 
if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for that Rule 144A Global 
Warrant, or if at any time DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the United States 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Issuer 
within 90 days of such notice, the Issuer will deliver Warrants in definitive registered form (bearing such 
legends as may be required by the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor) in exchange for that Rule 144A Global 
Warrant.  Except in these circumstances, owners of beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Warrant 
held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC will not be entitled to have any portion of such Warrants registered 
in their name and will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of registered Warrants in 
definitive form in exchange for their interests in that Rule 144A Global Warrant.  Transfer, exercise, 
termination, settlement and other mechanics related to any Warrants issued in definitive form in exchange 
for Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant shall be as agreed between the Issuer, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the New York Warrant Agent. 
The applicable Issue Terms for the Warrants are attached to the Global Warrant or each Definitive 
Warrant, as the case may be, and either (a) where the Warrants are not admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area, supplements the Conditions and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
the Conditions, supplement, replace or modify the Conditions for the purpose of the Warrants or

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
(b) where the Warrants are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area complete the Conditions and, to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, shall prevail for 
the purpose of the Warrants. 
As used herein, “Series” means an issue of Warrants together with any further issues of Warrants which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Warrants and (b) are 
identical in all respects with such Warrants (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their 
respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices and, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, the date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. References in the Conditions 
to “Issue Date” or “Issue Price” shall be to the Issue Date or the Issue Price of the first Tranche of 
Warrants, unless otherwise specified. 
Words and expressions defined in the Warrant Agreement or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. 
1 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Type 
In the case of Non-Exempt Warrants, the Warrants are Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants, Currency Warrants, Commodity Warrants 
or Rate Warrants as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Exempt Warrants, the Warrants are Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants, Debt Warrants, Currency Warrants, 
Commodity Warrants, Gilt Warrants, Proprietary Index Warrants, Credit Warrants, Rate Warrants 
and/or any other or further type of warrants or combination of types of Warrants as is specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issue Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are “EMEA Participation Certificates”, 
“LATAM Participation Certificates”, “Saudi Participation Certificates”, “APAC Participation 
Certificates”, “APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates”, “Call Warrants”, “Put 
Warrants”, “Call Spread Warrants”, “Put Spread Warrants”, “Delta One Warrants” or 
“Long/Short Warrants”. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being an “Index” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 1, the Underlying Schedule 1 shall prevail.  
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 2 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Share” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 3 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Depository Receipt” in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
the event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 3 and the General 
Conditions, the provisions of Underlying Schedule 3 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 4 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being an “ETF” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 4 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 4 shall prevail.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 5 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Mutual Fund” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the 
event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 5 and the General Conditions, 
the provisions of Underlying Schedule 5 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 6 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Commodity” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the 
event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 6 and the General Conditions, 
the provisions of Underlying Schedule 6 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 7 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Debt” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 7 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 7 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 8 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Currency” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event 
of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 8 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 8 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 9 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Gilt” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of any 
conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 9 and the General Conditions, the provisions 
of Underlying Schedule 9 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 10 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Proprietary Index” in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
the event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 10 and the General 
Conditions, the provisions of Underlying Schedule 10 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 11 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Credit” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 11 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 11 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 shall prevail. 
In addition to any relevant Underlying Schedule, Settlement on Exercise Schedule, and the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of the Multi-Underlying Annex shall apply to any Warrants 
relating to more than one Underlying. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the 
relevant Underlying Schedule and the Multi-Underlying Annex, the Multi-Underlying Annex shall 
prevail. 
If the Warrants are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be “EMEA Participation Certificates”, 
“LATAM Participation Certificates”, “Saudi Participation Certificates”, “APAC Participation 
Certificates”, “APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates”, the provisions of the Participation 
Conditions Annex shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Participation 
Conditions Annex and the General Conditions, the provisions of the Participation Conditions Annex 
will prevail. 
If "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance Representations,

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the 
Warrants are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation Certificates or APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation Certificates, China 
Participation Certificates or Taiwan Participation Certificates, the provisions of the APAC 
Compliance Annex shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the APAC 
Compliance Annex and the General Conditions, the provisions of the APAC Compliance Annex 
shall prevail. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate, inter alia, whether the Warrants are American style 
Warrants (“American Style Warrants”) or European style Warrants (“European Style Warrants”) 
or multiple exercise Warrants (“Multiple Exercise Warrants”) or such other type (including, without 
limitation, a combination thereof) as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, whether 
automatic exercise (“Automatic Exercise”) applies to the Warrants, whether settlement shall be by 
way of cash payment (“Cash Settled Warrants”) or physical delivery (“Physical Delivery 
Warrants”), whether the Warrants are call Warrants (“Call Warrants”), put Warrants (“Put 
Warrants”), call spread Warrants (“Call Spread Warrants”), put spread Warrants (“Put Spread 
Warrants”), delta one Warrants (“Delta One Warrants”) or long/short Warrants (“Long/Short 
Warrants”) or such other type as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, whether the 
Warrants may only be exercised in Units, whether Averaging (“Averaging”) will apply to the 
Warrants and whether the Warrants may be terminated early following an Early Termination Event. 
If Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of 
no effect. If Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue 
Terms will state the relevant Averaging Dates and (i) in relation to Index Warrants, Share Warrants, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants or Proprietary Index Warrants, 
where a Disrupted Day (as defined the relevant Underlying Schedule) occurs on an Averaging Date 
or (ii) in relation to Warrants other than Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Warrants, ETF Warrants or Mutual Fund Warrants, where a Market Disruption Event (as defined in 
the relevant Underlying Schedule or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable) occurs on an 
Averaging Date, whether Omission, Postponement or Modified Postponement (each as defined in 
the relevant Underlying Schedule or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable) applies. 
References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Warrants shall 
be deemed to include references to Physical Delivery Warrants which include an option (as set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms) at the Issuer’s election to make cash settlement of such Warrants 
pursuant to General Condition 5(e) and where settlement is to be by way of cash payment. 
References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Warrants 
shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled Warrants which include an option (as set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms) at the Issuer’s election to make physical delivery of the relevant 
Underlying in settlement of such Warrants pursuant to General Condition 5(e) and where settlement 
is to be by way of physical delivery. 
Warrants may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Issue Terms, allow Warrantholders 
to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or by such other 
method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Those Warrants where the 
Warrantholder has elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled Warrants and those Warrants 
where the Warrantholder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical Delivery Warrants. The 
rights of a Warrantholder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer’s right to vary 
settlement if so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms and will be subject, in certain circumstances, 
to the Issuer’s right to substitute assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount (as defined below) in 
lieu of physical delivery in accordance with General Condition 5(f).

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
(b) 
Title to Warrants 
The Warrants will be in registered form. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for 
and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear subject 
as set forth in General Condition 1(c) below, each person who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of Euroclear, as the holder of a particular amount of 
Warrants (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear as to the amount of Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall (except as otherwise required 
by law) be treated by the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Warrant Agents, the Registrar, the 
Authentication Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and all other persons dealing with said 
person as the holder of such amount of Warrants for all purposes (and the expressions 
“Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, the Rule 144A Global Warrant will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of 
DTC but this does not confer any rights or benefits on Cede & Co. or any other nominee of DTC in 
whose name a Rule 144A Global Warrant may be registered.  Transfers of such Rule 144A Global 
Warrant by such nominee of DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Rule 144A Global Warrant, in 
whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's 
nominee.  Rights conferred by the Rule 144A Global Warrant are only enforceable by the 
Warrantholders (as defined below) as provided therein.  Subject as set forth in General Condition 
1(c) below, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of DTC as the holder of a 
particular amount of Warrants shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and the Warrant Agents as the holder of such amount of Warrants for all 
purposes (and the expressions “Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor shall 
cause to be kept at the principal office of the Definitive Warrant Agent, a register (the “Register”) 
on which shall be entered the names and addresses of all holders of Private Placement Definitive 
Warrants, the amount and type of Private Placement Definitive Warrants held by them and details 
of all transfers of Private Placement Definitive Warrants. Subject as set forth in General Condition 
1(c) below, the persons shown in the Register (each a “Warrantholder”) shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as the absolute owners of the relevant Private Placement Definitive 
Warrants for all purposes (regardless of any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest in it, any 
writing on it, or its theft or loss) and no person will be liable for so treating such person. 
(c) 
Transfers of Warrants 
Transfers of Warrants may not be effected after the exercise or termination of such Warrants 
pursuant to General Condition 6(d). 
Subject as set forth in this General Condition, all transactions (including permitted transfers of 
Warrants) in the open market or otherwise must be effected, in the case of Warrants represented 
by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, through an account at Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear or, in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, through a direct or indirect participant of DTC, subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear 
or DTC, as the case may be. Transfer of an interest in Warrants will be effected through registration

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
of the transfer in the books of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC (or a direct or indirect 
participant therein), as the case may be.  
Subject as set forth in this General Condition, Private Placement Definitive Warrants may be 
transferred by the then current Warrantholder surrendering its Private Placement Definitive Warrant 
for registration of transfer at the specified office of the Definitive Warrant Agent, duly endorsed by, 
or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer (in the form satisfactory to the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the Definitive Warrant Agent), duly executed by the Warrantholder or its duly 
authorised agent. 
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or DTC shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system approved by the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Registrar from time to time and notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 
11. 
(a) 
Transfers of Warrants for Warrants represented by a Global Warrant may be made only in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant upon certification 
(in the form from time to time available from any Warrant Agent) to the 
Principal Warrant Agent by the transferor thereof that such transfer is 
being made to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction pursuant to 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”); 
(B) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant upon certification 
(in the form from time to time available from any Warrant Agent) to the 
relevant Warrant Agent by the transferor thereof that such transfer is 
being made to a person who is a QIB who is acquiring such Warrants in 
a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; 
(C) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants upon certification (in the form from 
time to time available from any Warrant Agent) to the Principal Warrant 
Agent by the transferor thereof that such transfer is being made to a non-
U.S. person in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S; 
(D) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants, to a person who is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; 
(E) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, to a person who is 
a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A;

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(F) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant upon certification 
(in the form from time to time available from any Warrant Agent) to the 
Principal Warrant Agent by the transferor thereof that such transfer is 
being made to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction pursuant to 
Regulation S; 
(G) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Combined Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Warrants represented by that Combined Global Warrant only, upon 
certification (in the form from time to time available from any Warrant 
Agent) to the Principal Warrant Agent by the transferor thereof that such 
transfer is being made either (x) to a person who is a QIB who is acquiring 
such Warrants in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or 
(y) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation 
S; 
(H) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Combined Global Warrant, from a holder of a 
Private Placement Definitive Warrant, upon certification (in the form from 
time to time available from any Warrant Agent) to the Principal Warrant 
Agent by the transferor thereof that such transfer is being made either (x) 
to a person who is a QIB who is acquiring such Warrants in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or (y) to a non-U.S. person in an 
offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S; 
(I) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Warrants represented by a Permanent Global Warrant, from a holder of 
Warrants represented by that Permanent Global Warrant only, to a 
Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an offshore transaction pursuant to 
Regulation S and, at the time of transfer, such transferee shall be deemed 
to have acknowledged, represented and agreed to the selling and transfer 
restrictions in respect of the federal securities and commodities laws of 
the United States as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; 
and 
in each case, in accordance with any applicable rules and regulations of the 
Principal Warrant Agent, the Registrar, the New York Warrant Agent, the 
Definitive Warrant Agent, DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, as 
the case may be, and/or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
The Warrantholder must send: 
(A) 
in the case of transfers of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, a free 
of payment instruction to the Definitive Warrant Agent at least two New 
York Business Days prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect; 
(B) 
in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global 
Warrant, a Permanent Global Warrant, a Rule 144A Global Warrant or a 
Combined Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, a free of payment instruction to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, not later 
than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be) one

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Luxembourg Business Day or Brussels Business Day, as the case may 
be, prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect; and 
(C) 
in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, a free of payment 
instruction to DTC at least two New York Business Days prior to the date 
on which the transfer is to take effect. 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the 
transferor and the transferee. 
(iii) 
On the transfer date: 
(A) 
(x) in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will 
debit the account of its participant and (y) in the case of transfers of 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants, the Warrantholder must deliver 
the Private Placement Definitive Warrants the subject of the transfer to 
the Definitive Warrant Agent and instruct the Definitive Warrant Agent to 
cancel the transferred Private Placement Definitive Warrants; and 
(B) 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or the Warrantholder, as the 
case may be, will instruct (x) in the case of transfers to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, the Registrar to instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, to credit the relevant account of the 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participant, as the case may be, 
and (y) in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, the New York Warrant Agent (in the case of 
transfers of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by 
a Custodian on behalf of DTC) to credit the relevant account of the DTC 
participant, the Definitive Warrant Agent (in the case of transfers of 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants) to credit the relevant account of 
the DTC participant, or the Principal Warrant Agent (in the case of 
transfers of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant or 
Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear) to instruct DTC to credit the 
relevant account of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear at DTC and 
thereafter DTC will debit such account of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, and will credit the relevant account of the 
DTC participant. 
(iv) 
Upon any such transfer, on the transfer date: 
(A) 
the Principal Warrant Agent, in the case of transfers to and/or from a 
person who takes delivery in the form of Warrants represented by a 
Regulation S Global Warrant, Rule 144A Global Warrant or Combined 
Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, will increase or decrease, if appropriate, the 
number of Warrants represented by such Regulation S Global Warrant, 
Rule 144A Global Warrant or Combined Global Warrant, whereupon the 
number of Warrants represented by such Regulation S Global Warrant,

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
Rule 144A Global Warrant or Combined Global Warrant shall be 
increased or decreased, if appropriate, for all purposes by the number so 
transferred and endorsed; or 
(B) 
the New York Warrant Agent, in the case of transfers to and/or from a 
person who takes delivery in the form of Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, will increase 
or decrease, if appropriate, the number of Warrants represented by such 
Rule 144A Global Warrant, whereupon the number of Warrants 
represented by such Rule 144A Global Warrant shall be increased or 
decreased, if appropriate, for all purposes by the number so transferred 
and endorsed. 
(b) 
Transfers of Warrants for Private Placement Definitive Warrants may be made only in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
in the case of transfers from a holder of Private Placement Definitive 
Warrants, upon (x) delivery of a duly executed investor representation 
letter in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (an “Investor 
Representation Letter”) from the relevant transferee in accordance with 
paragraph (c) below and (y) certification (in the form from time to time 
available from any Warrant Agent) to the Definitive Warrant Agent by the 
transferor thereof that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is an IAI who is acquiring such Warrants 
in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; 
(B) 
in the case of transfers from a holder of Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant, upon (x) delivery of 
a duly executed Investor Representation Letter from the relevant 
transferee in accordance with paragraph (c) below and (y) certification (in 
the form from time to time available from any Warrant Agent) to the 
Definitive Warrant Agent by the transferor thereof that such transfer is 
being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is an 
IAI who is acquiring such Warrants in a transaction exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act; 
(C) 
in the case of transfers from a holder of Warrants represented by a 
Regulation S Global Warrant, upon (x) delivery of a duly executed 
Investor Representation Letter from the relevant transferee in accordance 
with paragraph (c) below and (y) certification (in the form from time to time 
available from any Warrant Agent) to the Definitive Warrant Agent by the 
transferor thereof that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is an IAI who is acquiring such Warrants 
in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; and 
in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of 
the United States and any applicable rules and regulations of the New York 
Warrant Agent, the Definitive Warrant Agent, DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear, as the case may be, and/or as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
(ii) 
The Warrantholder must send: 
(A) 
in the case of transfers of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, a free 
of payment instruction to the Definitive Warrant Agent at least two New 
York Business Days prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect; 
(B) 
in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global 
Warrant, a Rule 144A Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant held 
by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, a free of payment instruction to Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or 
Brussels time, as the case may be) one Luxembourg Business Day or 
Brussels Business Day, as the case may be, prior to the date on which 
the transfer is to take effect; and 
(C) 
in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, a free of payment 
instruction to DTC at least two New York Business Days prior to the date 
on which the transfer is to take effect. 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the 
transferor and the transferee. 
(iii) 
On the transfer date: 
(A) 
in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will 
debit the account of its participant and, in the case of transfers of Private 
Placement Definitive Warrants, the Warrantholder must deliver the 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants the subject of the transfer to the 
Definitive Warrant Agent and instruct the Definitive Warrant Agent to 
cancel the transferred Private Placement Definitive Warrants; and 
(B) 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or the Warrantholder, as the 
case may be, will instruct the Definitive Warrant Agent to deliver or 
procure the delivery of new Private Placement Definitive Warrants, of a 
like number to the number of Warrants transferred, to the transferee at its 
specified office or send such new Private Placement Definitive Warrants, 
by uninsured mail, at the risk of the transferee, to such address as the 
transferee may request. 
(iv) 
Upon any such transfer, on the transfer date, the Principal Warrant Agent will, in the 
case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Rule 
144A Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, decrease the number of 
Warrants represented by such Regulation S Global Warrant, Rule 144A Global 
Warrant or Combined Global Warrant, if appropriate, whereupon the number of 
Warrants represented by such Regulation S Global Warrant, Rule 144A Global 
Warrant or Combined Global Warrant shall, if appropriate, be reduced for all purposes 
by the number so transferred or exchanged and endorsed and the New York Warrant 
Agent will, in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, decrease the number of Warrants 
represented by such Rule 144A Global Warrant, if appropriate, whereupon the number

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
of Warrants represented by such Rule 144A Global Warrant shall, if appropriate, be 
decreased for all purposes by the number so transferred and endorsed. 
(c) 
In the case of transfers of Warrants to a person who takes delivery in the form of a Private 
Placement Definitive Warrant, the delivery of a duly executed Investor Representation Letter 
from the relevant transferee to the Definitive Warrant Agent is a condition precedent to the 
transfer of such Private Placement Definitive Warrant or any beneficial interests therein.  The 
Investor Representation Letter must be duly executed by such proposed transferee or such 
proposed transferee's attorney duly authorised in writing, at least three New York Business 
Days prior to the date the transfer of such Private Placement Definitive Warrant is desired.  
Any attempted transfer in which the Investor Representation Letter and the proposed transfer 
was not effected in accordance with the foregoing procedures shall not be valid or binding 
on the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor. 
If (i) the Principal Warrant Agent (in relation to Regulation S Global Warrants, Rule 144A Global 
Warrants and Combined Global Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear) or (ii) the New York Warrant Agent (in relation to Rule 144A Global 
Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC) or (iii) the Definitive Warrant Agent (in relation to 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants) subsequently determines or is subsequently notified by the 
Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor that (a) a transfer or attempted or purported transfer of any 
interest in a Private Placement Definitive Warrant was consummated in compliance with the 
provisions of this paragraph on the basis of an incorrect form or certification from the transferee or 
purported transferee as set forth in the relevant Investor Representation Letter, or (b) the holder of 
any interest in any Warrant was in breach, at the time given, of any representation or agreement 
given by such Warrantholder (including, but not limited to, in the case of Private Placement Definitive 
Warrants, any such representation or agreement set forth in the relevant Investor Representation 
Letter) or (c) a transfer or attempted transfer of any interest in any Warrant was consummated that 
did not comply with the transfer restrictions set forth in this Condition 1(c), the purported transfer 
shall be absolutely null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported transferee (such 
purported transferee, a “Disqualified Transferee”) and the last preceding holder of such interest 
that was not a Disqualified Transferee shall be restored to all rights as a holder thereof retroactively 
to the date of transfer of such interest by such holder. 
2 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Warrants 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Warrants: only relevant for Warrants issued 
by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the Warrants issued by CGMFL under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
“2006 Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants. 
“2021 Definitions” means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants. 
“Actual Exercise Date” means (i) the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or (ii) in 
relation to each Exercise Date, that Exercise Date (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants), or (iii) subject 
to General Condition 7(a)(ii), the date during the Exercise Period on which the Warrant is actually or is 
deemed exercised (in the case of American Style Warrants (as more fully set out in General Condition 
5(a)(i))). 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority 
of the voting power of an entity. 
“Agents” means the Calculation Agent, the Principal Warrant Agent, the New York Warrant Agent, the 
Definitive Warrant Agent, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 4(a). 
“Brussels Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Brussels. 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Business Day Centre(s) and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are open for business; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of making payments: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency is euro, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (“TARGET2”) System is open (a “TARGET2 Settlement 
Day”); or 
(ii) 
where the Settlement Currency is a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Settlement Currency (which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian 
dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and each relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre, respectively). 
Where “TARGET2” is specified as a Business Day Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a Business Day 
shall also be a TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
“Business Day Convention” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Warrants, the business day convention 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants and an Actual Exercise Date, the 
amount to which the Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to such Actual Exercise

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
Date and each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case 
may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to General Condition 5(b)(i) or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as the case may be. 
“CEA” means the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
“CFTC” means the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and any successor thereto. 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Fixed Rate 
Warrant for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the “Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
where the number of days in the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360; 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;  
(d) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in a leap year, 366; or 
(e) 
if “1/1” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1.  
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in each relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), 
London and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency (which, if the Relevant 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively, and if 
the Relevant Currency is euro, shall be a TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior 
to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in relation to an Early Termination Event, the amount to which the 
Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to such Early Termination Event and each 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, or, in the case of APAC Participation Certificates, as provided in the 
Participation Conditions Annex, which, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, may include 
accrued interest. 
“Early Termination Event” means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, the event (if any) specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as the case may be, or, in the case of APAC 
Participation Certificates, as provided in the Participation Conditions Annex. 
“Early Termination Settlement Date” means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, each date (if any) specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, in the case of APAC Participation Certificates, as provided in the 
Participation Conditions Annex. 
“English Law Warrants” means Warrants in respect of which the governing law is specified as English 
law in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Entitlement” means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date or an Early Termination Event, 
as the case may be, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which 
a Warrantholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date relating to such Actual Exercise Date in 
respect of each such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, following payment of the relevant Exercise 
Price, if applicable, (and any other sums payable) rounded down as provided in General Condition 5(c)(ii), 
as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
“Exercise Date” and “Exercise Dates” means the date or dates (if any) so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
“Exercise Expenses” means, in relation to a Warrant, all Taxes and/or expenses including any depositary 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may be or would be, or 
would have been incurred (i) in connection with the exercise and/or termination of the Warrant and/or any 
payment and/or delivery in respect thereof, and (ii), if “Hedging Taxes” is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, by the Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying 
related hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrant. 
“Exercise Period” means the exercise period (if any) so specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
“Failure to Deliver Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, shall 
be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets (or, in the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant, 
the Affected Relevant Assets in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date) on a day selected by the 
Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s) in respect of 
the Affected Relevant Assets, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Fixed Rate Warrants” means an English Law Warrant in respect of which Fixed Rate Warrant Provisions 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) or, as the case may be, relevant Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s).

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
“Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event” means any action, or any announcement of the intention 
to take any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, elimination, 
reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, self-regulatory, legislative or judicial 
authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, as implemented by the CFTC or any 
exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC authority) that (i) affects the definition of “bona fide 
hedging” as that term is used in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the CEA (as at the Trade 
Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any “hedge exemptions” 
previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility acting under authority granted 
pursuant to the CEA, or affects or otherwise amends such other applicable laws of any jurisdiction which 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of 
the performance of the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Warrants or the cost of acquiring, establishing, 
re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations under the Warrants, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each case occurring after 
the Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 4(a). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the Issue Date or such other 
date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Interest Period End Date” means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Payment Date” and “Interest Payment Dates” mean, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the 
date or dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Interest Period” means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Interest Period End Date. 
“Interest Rate” means, in relation to Fixed Rate Warrants, the rate of interest payable from time to time in 
respect of Fixed Rate Warrants and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions, herein or in the applicable Issue Terms and, where more than one rate is so specified, the rate 
shall be that which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“In-the-Money” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Cash Settled Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Cash Settled 
Warrants and the relevant Actual Exercise Date is greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair 
market value of the Entitlement in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date in respect of such Warrant 
(less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price) is greater than zero, 
in all cases, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto. 
“London Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
“Luxembourg Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Luxembourg. 
“Minimum Exercise Number” means the minimum number of Warrants (if any) that may be exercises on 
any day by any Warrantholder, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
“New York Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York. 
“Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser” means a person who (i) is not a “U.S. person” (as such term is defined 
under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) is both (A) a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined 
under the CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under the CEA, but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, 
the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States persons” and (B) a “foreign 
located person” as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a “U.S. Person” or a “Significant Risk 
Subsidiary”, and does not benefit from a “Guarantee”, in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC 
Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA (in each case as such rules  may be amended, revised, supplemented or 
superseded), and (iv) is not a “U.S. Person” as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the Exchange Act as 
defined herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser is acquiring the Warrants is doing so for the account or 
benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser.  
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
“RMB Disruption Event” means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of a RMB 
Illiquidity, a RMB Inconvertibility or a RMB Non-Transferability. 
Where: 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the occurrence of any event or circumstances whereby (i) the general 
Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the 
existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the CGMFL Guarantor cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under 
the Warrants or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position would not be able to obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Position; or (ii) it becomes 
impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be impossible or impractical for any 
party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has 
the effect of it being impossible, impracticable or illegal for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting 
or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position to 
convert (i) any amount as may be required to be paid by any party on any payment date in respect 
of the Warrants or (if applicable) any Hedging Position; or (ii) such other amount as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be necessary to fulfil the physical delivery obligations (if 
any) on any settlement date, in Renminbi, other than where such impossibility, impracticality or 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the 
control of that party, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position and/or any of 
its Affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside any relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside any relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an 
account outside a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside a relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticality or illegality is due solely to 
the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for that 
party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or any of its 
Affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“RMB Determination Date” means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the date of 
the relevant payment or delivery under the Warrants. 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be Hong Kong. 
“Section 871(m) Event” means that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Hedging Party (as 
defined in General Condition 17 is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Hedging 
Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the Warrants and/or any Hedging 
Positions (as defined in General Condition 17). 
“Spot Rate” means, in respect of an RMB Determination Date, the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange 
rate for the purchase of the Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange 
market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB 
Determination Date by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-
deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the 
CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. Where there is 
more than one RMB Settlement Centre and the rate determined as provided in this definition differs for any 
such RMB Settlement Centre, the Calculation Agent shall select the applicable rate to be the Spot Rate 
(and may, for the avoidance of doubt, select the lowest such rate). All notifications, opinions, 
determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of this definition of Spot Rate by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear and all Warrantholders. 
Where: 
“Relevant Currency” means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Currency Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
“Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or any successor or replacement screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Taxes” means, with respect to any jurisdiction, all retrospective, present, future, contingent, pending or 
anticipated taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
imposed by any governmental, national, state or local authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
income, corporate, corporation, capital, gross receipts, windfall profits, severance, property, production, 
sales, use, license, excise, value added, franchise, employment, stamp, withholding, transfer, registration 
or similar taxes and national insurance, social security and other similar contributions), together with any 
interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or 
penalties. For the avoidance of doubt, Taxes will include any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, 
withholdings, assessments or other charges of any kind imposed by any general anti-avoidance rules or 
legislation relating to taxation, or any authoritative guidance or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
“Termination Cut-off Date” means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, the date so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (if any). 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the 
Issue Date. 
“Underlyings” means the Index, Indices, Share, Shares, Depositary Receipt, Depositary Receipts, ETF 
Share, ETF Shares, Fund Interest, Fund Interests, Debt Security, Debt Securities, Rate, Rates, Subject 
Currency or Subject Currencies, Commodity or Commodities, Gilt or Gilts or other asset or assets 
underlying the Warrants and each an “Underlying”. 
“United States” means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
“U.S. person” has the meaning given in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Weighting” means, in respect of an Underlying, the weighting specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Warrants 
Each Fixed Rate Warrant bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Settlement Date or the Early Termination 
Settlement Date (if applicable), if earlier. Interest shall be paid to the person shown in the records 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of Euroclear at the close of business on the day before the due date 
for payment thereof. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such date will amount to the “Interest Amount”. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the “Broken 
Amount” so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of an Interest Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the relevant Interest Rate to, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants which are represented by 
a Global Warrant, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Fixed Rate Warrants 
represented by such Global Warrant, and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
With respect to any Warrants that are Fixed Rate Warrants, (i) notwithstanding the provisions of 
General Condition 5(a)(i), (ii) and (iii), in each case in which a Warrant would otherwise expire 
worthless or become void as set out therein, any accrued but unpaid interest shall be payable on 
the relevant Expiration Date or Actual Exercise Date (as applicable) and (ii) for the avoidance of 
doubt, interest shall not accrue, nor shall it be payable, during any Exercise Period Extension (as 
defined in General Condition 5(a)(i)). 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and (x) such day would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
months in which such date should occur, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this General Condition by 
the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Agents, the Calculation Agent and all Warrantholders, 
and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or 
the Warrantholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest  
Each Fixed Rate Warrant will cease to bear interest (if any) from its Settlement Date, or Early 
Termination Settlement Date (if applicable), if earlier, unless payment of principal and/or delivery of 
all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or refused on such Settlement Date or Early Termination 
Settlement Date (as applicable). In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Warrant have been paid and/or all assets 
deliverable in respect of such Warrant have been delivered; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Warrant 
has been received by the relevant Warrant Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Warrant 
have been received by any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Warrantholders 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11, 
PROVIDED THAT, if (A) in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants which are Physical Delivery Warrants, 
the Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date (as applicable) is postponed due to the 
subsistence of a Settlement Disruption Event on such date in accordance with General Condition 
5(c)(iii), or (B) payment of amounts due and/or delivery of all assets deliverable in connection with

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
the Warrants is withheld or refused on such Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date 
(as applicable) as result of an event or circumstances which are outside the control of the Issuer, 
then, in each case, interest shall not accrue, nor shall it be payable, beyond the date that would 
have otherwise been the Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date (as applicable) but 
for the occurrence of the events outlined in (A) and (B) above. 
5 
Exercise Rights and Early Termination 
(a) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise Period 
but subject as provided in General Condition 7. 
Global Warrants registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case 
of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, any 
American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined in General 
Condition 6(a)) has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior 
to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the last Business Day 
of the Exercise Period (the “Expiration Date”), shall become void.  
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held 
by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, any such 
American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels 
time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date and which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, is “In-the-Money” shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. 
Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee 
for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, 
the Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior 
to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, and the copy thereof so received by the Principal Warrant 
Agent and the Registrar, or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, on the Expiration Date, the Expiration 
Date is referred to herein as the Actual Exercise Date. If any such Exercise Notice is received 
by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if the copy thereof is 
received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each case, after 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Business Day during the Exercise 
Period or on any day which is not a Business Day, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to 
have been delivered on the next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in respect of which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 at or prior 
to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on the Expiration Date shall (i), 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, become void

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
or (ii), if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case 
of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date, shall 
become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, 
any such American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date and 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money" shall be automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, (a) the Business Day during the Exercise Period immediately succeeding the 
New York Business Day on which an Exercise Notice is received prior to 5.00 p.m., New 
York City time, by the New York Warrant Agent and a copy thereof so received by the 
Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar or (b), if Automatic Exercise is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered at or prior 
to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the 
Expiration Date, the Expiration Date is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise Date”. If 
any such Exercise Notice is received by the New York Warrant Agent, or if the copy thereof 
is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each case, after 5.00 p.m. 
on any New York Business Day or on any day which is not a New York Business Day, such 
Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next New York Business Day 
and the New York Business Day immediately succeeding such next New York Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in 
respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General 
Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date shall (i), if Automatic Exercise is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, become void or (ii), if Automatic Exercise is specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date 
as provided above. 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case 
of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, any American Style Warrant with respect to which 
no Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), has 
been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date, 
shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants, any such American Style Warrant with respect to 
which no Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money" shall be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire 
worthless. 
In the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, (a) the Business Day during the 
Exercise Period immediately succeeding the New York Business Day on which an Exercise 
Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), is received prior 
to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, by the Definitive Warrant Agent and a copy thereof so 
received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar or (b), if Automatic Exercise is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice, together with the 
relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), has been delivered at or prior to 5.00 p.m., 
New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration 
Date, the Expiration Date is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise Date”. If any such 
Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), is 
received by the Definitive Warrant Agent, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each case, after 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on any 
New York Business Day or on any day which is not a New York Business Day, such Exercise 
Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next New York Business Day and the 
New York Business Day immediately succeeding such next New York Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in respect of 
which no Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Expiration Date 
shall (i), if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
become void or (ii), if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
Extension of Exercise Period 
If “Extension of Exercise Period” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Exercise Period may be extended by the Issuer by giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (the period of extension only, the “Exercise Period 
Extension”). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, interest shall 
not accrue, nor shall it be payable, during the Exercise Period Extension. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date, but subject as provided 
in General Condition 7. 
Global Warrants registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee 
for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels 
time (as appropriate), on the Exercise Date (the “Actual Exercise Date”), shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, any such 
European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels 
time (as appropriate) on the Actual Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
Calculation Agent, is “In-the-Money”, shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise 
Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. 
Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Exercise Date (the 
“Actual Exercise Date”) shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any such European Style Warrant with respect to which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior 
to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the 
Actual Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-
Money" shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date. Any such Warrant shall 
otherwise expire worthless. 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants 
In the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, if Automatic Exercise is not specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, any European Style Warrant with respect to which 
no Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), has 
been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Exercise Date (the 
“Actual Exercise Date”), shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any such European Style Warrant with respect to which no 
Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), has been 
delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Actual Exercise Date 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", shall be 
automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise 
expire worthless. 
(iii) 
Multiple Exercise Warrants 
Multiple Exercise Warrants are only exercisable on each Exercise Date, but subject as 
provided in General Condition 7.  
Global Warrants registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant represented by a Global Warrant registered in the 
name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear: 
(A) 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and 
no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on an Exercise 
Date (each an “Actual Exercise Date”), subject to the payment of interest (if any) as 
described in General Condition 4, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall 
have any obligations in respect of such Warrant in relation to such Actual Exercise 
Date; and

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
(B) 
if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at 
or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on an Actual 
Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is “In-the-
Money”, such Warrant shall be automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date. 
The Warrantholders rights in respect of any such Warrant shall otherwise expire 
worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held 
by a Custodian on behalf of DTC: 
(A) 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and 
no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, 
at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day 
immediately preceding an Exercise Date (each an “Actual Exercise Date”), neither 
the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any obligations in respect of such 
Warrant in relation to such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(B) 
if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at 
or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately 
preceding an Actual Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, is "In-the-Money", such Warrant shall be automatically exercised on such 
Actual Exercise Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants 
In the case of Multiple Exercise Private Placement Definitive Warrants: 
(A) 
if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and 
no Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 
p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding an 
Exercise Date (each an “Actual Exercise Date”), neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL 
Guarantor shall have any obligations in respect of such Warrant in relation to such 
Actual Exercise Date; and 
(B) 
if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no 
Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), 
has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 
p.m., New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding an 
Actual Exercise Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-
the-Money", such Warrant shall be automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise 
Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless. 
(iv) 
Early Termination 
If in relation to Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that Early 
Termination applies, the Warrants may be terminated early by the Issuer following the 
occurrence of an Early Termination Event, as further described in General Condition 5(b)(ii) 
and in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
Global Warrants registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee 
for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, 
in order to receive the Early Termination Amount on the Early Termination Settlement Date, 
Warrantholders must deliver a duly completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
provisions of General Condition 6 at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as 
appropriate, on the Termination Cut-off Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If a duly completed Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or 
the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar later than 10.00 
a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time, as appropriate, on the relevant Termination Cut-off Date, 
then (subject as provided in General Condition 6(c)), following receipt of a duly completed 
Exercise Notice, any relevant Early Termination Amount will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, at the risk of such 
Warrantholder. If the Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Registrar, in each case, after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on 
any Business Day, or on a day which is not a Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be 
deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day. 
Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC, in order to receive the Early Termination Amount on the Early Termination 
Settlement Date, Warrantholders must deliver a duly completed Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Termination Cut-off 
Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If a duly completed Exercise Notice is received by the New York Warrant Agent, or if the copy 
thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar later than 5.00 p.m., 
New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the relevant 
Termination Cut-off Date, then (subject as provided in General Condition 6(c)), following 
receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice, any relevant Early Termination Amount will be 
delivered as soon as practicable after the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, at the 
risk of such Warrantholder. If the Exercise Notice is received by the New York Warrant Agent, 
or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in each 
case, after 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on any New York Business Day, or on a day which 
is not a New York Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next New York Business Day. 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants 
In the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, in order to receive the Early Termination 
Amount on the Early Termination Settlement Date, Warrantholders must deliver a duly 
completed Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive 
Warrant(s) in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 6, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., 
New York City time, on the New York Business Day immediately preceding the Termination 
Cut off Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If a duly completed Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive 
Warrant(s), is received by the Definitive Warrant Agent, or if the copy thereof is received by

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar later than 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on 
the New York Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Termination Cut-off Date, 
then (subject as provided in General Condition 6(c)), following receipt of a duly completed 
Exercise Notice, together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), any 
relevant Early Termination Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the relevant 
Early Termination Settlement Date, at the risk of such Warrantholder. If the Exercise Notice, 
together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), is received by the 
Definitive Warrant Agent, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent 
and the Registrar, in each case, after 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on any New York 
Business Day, or on a day which is not a New York Business Day, such Exercise Notice, 
together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s), shall be deemed to have 
been delivered on the next New York Business Day. 
(b) 
Settlement on exercise and early termination 
(i) 
Settlement on exercise 
The provisions relating to the settlement upon due exercise of the Warrants shall be as 
specified in the Settlement on Exercise Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Early Termination 
If an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall or, if so specified in the relevant 
Schedule or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement may, 
elect to terminate the Warrants and, if so terminated, each Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, will entitle its holder, subject, 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Permanent Global 
Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant (in respect of interests held by persons who are not 
QIBs) to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the 
immediately following Early Termination Settlement Date the relevant Early Termination 
Amount, less any Exercise Expenses (where the Early Termination Amount is a cash 
amount) or subject to payment of any Exercise Expenses (where the Early Termination 
Amount is the Entitlement). Upon payment or delivery, as the case may be, of the Early 
Termination Amount payable or deliverable, as the case may be, on such Early Termination 
Settlement Date, the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will have no further obligations in 
respect of the Warrants. 
Where the Early Termination Amount is a cash amount, the Warrants shall be deemed to be 
Cash Settled Warrants and where the Early Termination Amount is the Entitlement, the 
Warrants shall be deemed to be Physical Delivery Warrants. 
The Issuer will as soon as practicable notify the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 of the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Event. Without limiting the obligation of the Issuer to give notice to the 
Warrantholders as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of an Early Termination Event shall not affect the 
validity of the occurrence and the effect of the Early Termination Event. 
(iii) 
Cash Settlement and Physical Settlement on exercise or early termination 
Where the Warrants are to be settled either (i) by way of cash payment AND by way of 
physical delivery or (ii) by way of cash payment or physical delivery, at the option of the Issuer 
or the Warrantholder, references herein to “Cash Settled Warrants” shall apply to the 
Warrants where settlement is to be by payment of a cash amount and references in the

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Conditions to “Physical Delivery Warrants” shall also apply to the Warrants where the 
Entitlement becomes deliverable and vice versa. 
(c) 
Settlement procedures 
(i) 
Cash Payments 
Each cash amount, including, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, interest amounts, payable 
in respect of the Warrants will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case 
of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant Settlement Currency, 0.005 (or, in 
the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded upwards, with (a) Warrants exercised 
at the same time by the same Warrantholder in respect of the same Actual Exercise Date 
(together with, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, any accrued interest) and (b) Warrants 
held by the same Warrantholder on termination following the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Event being aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate cash 
amounts payable in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, and such Actual 
Exercise Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be,  
Subject as provided herein, on each date on which a cash amount falls to be paid in respect 
of any Warrant, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay or cause to be paid the aggregate 
cash amounts due on such date (less any Exercise Expenses) (a) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a 
Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, to the relevant Common 
Depositary, or (b) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held 
by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, which is automatically exercised, to the account of the 
relevant Warrantholder notified to the Principal Warrant Agent and the New York Warrant 
Agent by such Warrantholder, subject to any applicable procedures or requirements of DTC 
in relation to DTC participants that maintain accounts for such Warrantholder; or (c) in all 
other cases, to the account of the relevant Warrantholder specified in the relevant Exercise 
Notice. 
Any such payment to (i) a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, 
shall be made in accordance with the rules of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be; or (ii) to the account of the relevant Warrantholder notified to the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the New York Warrant Agent by such Warrantholder ; or (iii) to an account 
of the relevant Warrantholder specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, shall be made in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant clearing system or institution where the account is 
held and which shall, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, be to an account denominated 
in Renminbi and maintained by the payee with an institution in a relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre. The Issuer will be discharged by payment to the Common Depositary for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear in respect of the amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, as the 
holder of a particular number of the Warrants must look solely to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, for his share of each such payment so made by the Issuer 
to the Common Depositary. In the case of a payment pursuant to (b) above, the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the relevant clearing system or institution where the relevant 
account is held in respect of the amount so paid. The person shown as the relevant 
accountholder must look solely to the relevant clearing system or institution where the 
account is held for the payment made in respect of such payment so made by the Issuer. 
All payments, including, in respect of Fixed Rate Warrants, interest payments, will be subject, 
in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws, rules and regulations applicable thereto in the place 
of payment, (ii) the provisions of General Condition 12 and (iii) any withholding or deduction,

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
including any such withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code 
(“871(m) Withholding”) and, where payments are made in Renminbi, will be made in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s). In addition, 
for the purposes of 871(m) Withholding with respect to any amounts to be paid on the 
Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for a payment expiration or earlier termination or 
exercise that is determined by reference to the value of an “underlying security” (as defined 
for the purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) (which, for avoidance of doubt, includes an 
index) all payments on such Warrants that reference such an underlying security (or index) 
will reflect the deemed reinvestment of any dividends paid over the term of the Warrant in 
respect of the number of shares of such underlying security to which the Warrant relates, net 
of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each such 
dividend (currently, 30 per cent.). In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, 
the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, the maximum 
amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to any dividend equivalent payments 
(as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant underlying securities. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m).  
(ii) 
Physical Delivery 
Subject as provided below, Physical Delivery Warrants or Units, as the case may be, which 
are either (i) exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder or (ii) held by the same 
Warrantholder at the time of early termination following the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Event will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, and such Actual 
Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, PROVIDED THAT the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Warrantholder and the same Actual Exercise 
Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
If, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that 
“Aggregation of Entitlements” does not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each Warrant will 
be rounded up or down (as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions (the “Fractional Entitlement”) of the Relevant Asset or of each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment 
will be made in respect thereof unless “Cash Adjustment” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. If “Cash Adjustment” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Warrantholder a cash 
amount in the Settlement Currency (to be paid at the same time as delivery of the Entitlement) 
equal to the Value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such Fractional Entitlement, 
calculated as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Subject as provided herein and subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices (if 
applicable) and payment of any Exercise Expenses with regard to the relevant Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be, the Issuer shall, on the relevant Settlement Date or Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, deliver, or procure the delivery of, the 
Entitlement for each duly exercised or terminated Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, 
pursuant to the details specified in the applicable Exercise Notice, or (in the case of Warrants 
which are automatically exercised) pursuant to the details notified to the Principal Warrant 
Agent by the relevant Warrantholder, subject to any applicable procedures or requirements  
of DTC in relation to DTC participants that maintain accounts for such Warrantholder. Subject 
as provided in this General Condition 5(c) and General Condition 5(d), the Entitlement shall 
be delivered in such manner as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Following exercise of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant or following the 
occurrence of an Early Termination Event in respect of a Warrant where the Early 
Termination Amount is the Entitlement, all dividends or other distributions (each a “dividend”) 
in respect of the Relevant Assets to be delivered will be payable to the party that would 
receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Relevant Assets executed 
on the relevant Actual Exercise Date or on the date of the occurrence of the Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and to be delivered in the same manner as such Relevant Assets. 
Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder will be paid to the account specified by the 
Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in General Condition 6(a)(i)(H) 
or (in the case of Warrants which are automatically exercised) pursuant to the account 
notified to the Principal Warrant Agent by the relevant Warrantholder, subject to any 
applicable procedures or requirements of DTC in relation to DTC participants that maintain 
accounts for such Warrantholder. 
All deliveries will be subject, in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of delivery, (ii) the provisions of Condition 12 and (iii) any 
871(m) Withholding. In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed 
with respect to any amounts to be delivered on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) 
at the highest rate applicable to such delivery regardless of any exemption from, or reduction 
in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for a payment at expiration or earlier termination or 
exercise that is determined by reference to the value of an “underlying security” (as defined 
for the purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) (which, for avoidance of doubt, includes an 
index), all deliveries on such Warrants that reference such an underlying security (or index) 
will reflect the deemed reinvestment of any dividends paid over the term of the Warrant in 
respect of the number of shares of such underlying security to which the Warrant relates, net 
of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each such 
dividend (currently, 30 per cent.). In such case, in calculating the relevant delivery amount, 
the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, the maximum 
amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to any dividend equivalent payments 
(as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant underlying securities. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m).  
(iii) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of an Actual Exercise Date 
or following the occurrence of an Early Termination Event where the Early Termination 
Amount is the Entitlement, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the relevant

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
Entitlement using the method of delivery specified, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event 
(as defined below) subsisting on any Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, 
as the case may be, then such Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the 
case may be, for such Warrants shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business 
Day in respect of which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, PROVIDED THAT the 
Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the 
case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may 
be, by delivering the relevant Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner 
as it may select, and in such event, the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Early 
Termination Event, as the case may be, in such other commercially reasonable manner. For 
the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) comprising the Entitlement, the relevant 
Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, for the Relevant 
Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event 
will be that originally designated Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as 
the case may be. In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on 
the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, of 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) comprising the 
Entitlement, the Calculation Agent shall, if applicable, determine the appropriate pro rata 
portion of the Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Warrantholder in respect of that partial 
settlement. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of an Actual Exercise Date or Early 
Termination Event, as the case may be, is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the 
case may be, by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement 
Price (as defined below) not later than the third Business Day following the date that notice 
of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such manner and subject 
to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. 
If the Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would otherwise have 
taken place as provided above, until delivery of the Entitlement is made to the Warrantholder, 
the Issuer or any person on behalf thereof shall continue to be the legal owner of the assets 
comprising the Entitlement. None of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Affiliate of either 
of them and any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery 
to such Warrantholder or any subsequent transferee any letter, certificate, notice, circular or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the 
holder of such assets, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or 
all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such assets until the date of delivery or (iii) be 
under any liability to such Warrantholder or any subsequent transferee in respect of any loss 
or damage which such Warrantholder or subsequent transferee may sustain or suffer as a

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such assets until 
the date of delivery. 
No Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Warrants, if the Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date (as applicable) is 
postponed due to the subsistence of a Settlement Disruption Event, interest shall not accrue, 
nor shall it be payable, beyond the date that would have otherwise been the Settlement Date 
or Early Termination Settlement Date (as applicable) but for the subsistence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event on such date. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, shall be the fair market value of the Entitlement (or, in the case of a Multiple Exercise 
Warrant, the Entitlement in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date) on a day selected 
by the Issuer (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but 
not all of the Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) comprising the Entitlement 
and such non-affected Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets (or if applicable, Substitute 
Assets)), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise 
Price (or, where, as provided above, some Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute 
Assets) have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata 
portion), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the 
Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, Substitute Asset(s)) using the method specified, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement and shall include, but shall 
not be limited to, (i) a failure by the Warrantholder to obtain any requisite approval from the 
applicable regulatory authorities necessary for settlement of the Warrants by way of physical 
delivery and (ii) the Issuer not being able to effect physical delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) 
(or if applicable, Substitute Asset(s)) due to U.S. Securities law issues or other applicable 
laws of any other relevant jurisdiction or otherwise. 
(iv) 
Any Exercise Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants shall be borne by the relevant 
Warrantholder and shall either be: 
(A) 
paid to the Issuer by such Warrantholder prior to the delivery of the Entitlement (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to deliver any Entitlement 
to such Warrantholder until it has received such payment); or 
(B) 
be deducted by the Issuer from any cash amount owing to such Warrantholder and 
paid by the Issuer on behalf of the Warrantholder or paid by the Issuer on behalf of 
such Warrantholder by converting such amount of the Entitlement as necessary to pay 
the Exercise Expenses, 
as specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice or (in the case of Warrants 
which are automatically exercised) as notified to the Principal Warrant Agent by the relevant 
Warrantholder, subject to any applicable procedures or requirements of DTC in relation to 
DTC participants that maintain accounts for such Warrantholder.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
If any Exercise Expenses are not paid by a Warrantholder pursuant to the above, the relevant 
Warrantholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer to convert and the Issuer may convert 
such amount of the Entitlement into cash sufficient to cover the Exercise Expenses in respect 
of the relevant Warrant from which the Issuer shall deduct such Exercise Expenses. The 
Issuer’s obligation in respect of each Warrant will be satisfied in relation to the relevant 
Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, by delivery of 
the remaining Entitlement in respect of such Warrant and, if applicable, payment of a cash 
amount in respect of any Fractional Entitlement. 
(d) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants which are Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants or Mutual Fund Warrants or Debt Warrants, “Failure to Deliver” is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and, following the exercise of such Warrants on 
an Actual Exercise Date or the termination of such Warrants following an Early Termination Event, 
it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some 
or all of the Relevant Assets (the “Affected Relevant Assets”) comprising the Entitlement relating 
to such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, where such failure 
to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a “Failure to Deliver”), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions, any Relevant Assets, which are not Affected 
Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated Settlement Date or Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, in accordance with Settlement on Exercise 
Condition 1 or General Condition 5(b)(iii), as the case may be, and, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price to be paid by the 
relevant Warrantholder in respect of that partial settlement; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any 
other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, 
as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 11. Payment of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 11. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 11 that the provisions of 
this Condition 5(d) apply. If the Issuer does not so elect, the provisions of Condition 5(c)(ii) shall 
apply. 
(e) 
Variation of Settlement 
In relation only to any issue of Warrants represented by a Permanent Global Warrant, if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Warrants, following any valid exercise of Warrants in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer 
may in respect of each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Unit and any Actual Exercise Date, elect in relation to such Actual Exercise Date not to pay the 
relevant Warrantholders the Cash Settlement Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of such Actual Exercise Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may 
be, but, in lieu thereof, to deliver or procure delivery of the relevant Entitlement or make payment of 
the relevant Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant Settlement Date to the relevant 
Warrantholders, as the case may be. Notification of any such election will be given to

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Warrantholders no later than 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the second Business Day following the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date.  
(f) 
Issuer’s Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
In relation to Warrants other than Gilt Warrants, following a valid exercise of Warrants on an Actual 
Exercise Date or an early termination of Warrants following an Early Termination Event in 
accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may, in respect of such Warrants, if the Calculation 
Agent determines: 
(i) 
that the Entitlement (or part thereof) comprises securities which are not freely tradeable; or 
(ii) 
that any applicable laws and securities regulations and/or the Issuer’s internal policies, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, do not permit settlement of the Entitlement or it is 
otherwise impossible or impracticable to do so, 
elect in relation to such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, either 
(i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof) an equivalent value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of such other securities which the Calculation Agent determines are freely 
tradeable (the “Substitute Asset” or the “Substitute Assets”, as the case may be) or (ii) not to 
deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement (or part thereof) or the Substitute Asset or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, relating to such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, to the relevant Warrantholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to 
the relevant Warrantholders on the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, 
as the case may be, of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Entitlement (or part thereof) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate (the “Alternate Cash Amount”). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Warrantholders no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the second Business Day following the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be. 
AS AT THE ISSUE DATE, APPLICABLE LAWS AND SECURITIES REGULATIONS WITHIN ANY 
RELEVANT JURISDICTION MAY NOT PERMIT PHYSICAL DELIVERY BY THE ISSUER OF THE 
ENTITLEMENT TO WARRANTHOLDERS, WHETHER WITHIN OR ELSEWHERE AND ANY 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND SECURITIES REGULATIONS AND/OR THE ISSUER’S INTERNAL 
POLICIES, ALL AS DETERMINED BY THE CALCULATION AGENT, MAY NOT PERMIT 
SETTLEMENT OF THE ENTITLEMENT. 
For purposes hereof, a “freely tradeable share” shall mean (i) in relation to the United States, a 
security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and 
which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased from an affiliate of the 
issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradeable security for 
purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) in relation 
to any other jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such 
jurisdictions. 
(g) 
General 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” and related expressions shall be construed to 
apply to any such Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with the above 
provisions. In relation to Multiple Exercise Warrants, the expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” 
and related expressions shall be construed to apply to such Warrants in relation to each Actual 
Exercise Date.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
None of the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any 
Cash Settlement Amount, Early Termination Amount, any Entitlement or interest (if applicable). 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of 
voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset.  
All references in this Condition to “Luxembourg or Brussels time” shall, where Warrants are 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system (other than DTC), be deemed to refer 
as appropriate to the time in the city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
(h) 
RMB Disruption Event 
If “RMB Disruption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the 
occurrence of an RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following 
actions: 
(i) 
the relevant payment or delivery obligation of the Issuer or, as the case may be, of the CGMFL 
Guarantor be postponed to the tenth Business Day after the date on which the RMB Disruption 
Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be commercially 
reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter; 
(ii) 
that any of the obligations to pay Renminbi under the Warrants, including any cash amounts due 
in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants or any other relevant Renminbi amount(s) determined 
pursuant to the Conditions be replaced by an obligation to pay an amount in the Relevant Currency 
converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date; and 
(iii) 
by giving notice to the Warrantholder(s) in accordance with General Condition 11, cancel the 
Warrants. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of 
each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit as the case may 
be, held by such holder, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, on a day selected by the Issuer less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements but taking into account, if already paid and 
applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (for the avoidance of 
doubt, such amount may be determined and paid in the Relevant Currency). 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, 
to the holder(s) stating the occurrence of the RMB Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Where Realisation Disruption and/or any Additional Disruption Event is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and an event occurs that could be a Realisation Disruption and/or an 
Additional Disruption Event or, alternatively, also be an RMB Disruption Event, the above RMB 
Disruption Event provisions will prevail. 
6 
Exercise and termination procedure 
(a) 
Exercise Notice  
In respect of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for 
and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, (i) such 
Warrants may only be exercised by and/or (ii) a Warrantholder holding such Warrants may only 
receive any Early Termination Amounts in respect of such Warrants following, the delivery, or the 
sending by tested telex (confirmed in writing), of a duly completed exercise notice (an “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, the Warrant Agents and the Registrar during normal office

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
hours) to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, with a copy to the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the Registrar in accordance with the provisions set out in General Condition 5 
and this Condition. 
In respect of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, (i) such Warrants may only be exercised by and/or (ii) a Warrantholder holding such 
Warrants may only receive any Early Termination Amounts in respect of such Warrants following, 
the delivery through computerised exercise instruction through DTC (via its “Deposit and 
Withdrawal at Custodian”, or “DWAC”, function) of a duly completed Exercise Notice in the form 
set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Warrant Agents) 
to the New York Warrant Agent with a copy to the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in 
accordance with the provisions set out in General Condition 5 and this Condition. 
In respect of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, (i) such Warrants may only be exercised by 
and/or (ii) a Warrantholder holding such Warrants may only receive any Early Termination Amounts 
in respect of such Warrants following, the delivery of a duly completed Exercise Notice in the form 
set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Warrant Agents) 
together with the relevant Private Placement Definitive Warrants to the Definitive Warrant Agent 
with a copy of the Exercise Notice to the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in General Condition 5 and this Condition. 
(i) 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants the subject of 
the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(B) 
(x) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of 
a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be debited (in the case 
of Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement Date only) with the Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice or (y) in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, specify the designated account at DTC to be debited (in the case of Multiple 
Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement Date only) with the Warrants or Units, as 
the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(C) 
(x) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, registered in the name 
of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, to debit on or before the Settlement Date (in the case 
of Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement Date only) or, the Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, the Warrantholder’s account with 
the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice or (y) in 
the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian 
on behalf of DTC, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date only, irrevocably instruct the 
New York Warrant Agent to exercise the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, 
debited (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement Date only) 
to the account of the Warrantholder and credited to the account of the New York 
Warrant Agent by means of DTC's DWAC function; 
(D) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, (x) in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, specify the number 
of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to be credited with the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, together with, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued interest, or Early Termination Amount, as 
the case may be, (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of 
the Exercise Notice, (y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the details of the account to 
be credited with the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, together with, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued interest, or Early Termination Amount, as the case may 
be, (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise 
Notice, or (z) in the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, specify the details 
of the account to be credited with the relevant Cash Settlement Amount, together with, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued interest, or Early Termination Amount, as 
the case may be, (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of 
the Exercise Notice, or  
(E) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, include an undertaking to pay all Exercise 
Expenses and (x) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered 
in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, an authority to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any 
Cash Settlement Amount or Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, due to 
such Warrantholder in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and/or to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder 
at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof and 
to pay such Exercise Expenses, (y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, an authority to the New 
York Warrant Agent to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement 
Amount or Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, due to such Warrantholder 
in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may 
be, and to pay such Exercise Expenses and/or to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses, or (z) in the 
case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, an authority to the Definitive Warrant 
Agent to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount or 
Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, due to such Warrantholder in respect 
of such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, and/or 
to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder in respect thereof and to pay such 
Exercise Expenses;  
(F) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, (x) in the case of Warrants represented by 
a Global Warrant, registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, irrevocably instruct 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to debit on the relevant 
Actual Exercise Date or prior to the Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, a specified account of the Warrantholder with Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, with the aggregate Exercise Prices (if applicable) in 
respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date or the Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, (together 
with any other amounts payable), (y) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 
144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, contain an undertaking 
to pay the Issuer the aggregate Exercise Prices (if applicable) in respect of such

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or the 
Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, (together with any other 
amounts payable), to the account of the New York Warrant Agent on the relevant 
Actual Exercise Date or prior to the Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, or (z) in the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, contain an 
undertaking to pay the Issuer the aggregate Exercise Prices (if applicable) in respect 
of such Warrants, or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date or the Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, (together with 
any other amount payable), to the account of the Definitive Warrant Agent on the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or prior to the Early Termination Settlement Date, as 
the case may be;  
(G) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include an undertaking to pay all Exercise 
Expenses and a confirmation that the delivery of any Entitlement is subject, inter alia, 
as provided in General Condition 5(c)(iv), and either (I) (x) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held by 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, an 
authority to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses, (y) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, 
an authority to the New York Warrant Agent to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses, or (z) in the 
case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, an authority to the Definitive Warrant 
Agent to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder in respect thereof and to pay 
such Exercise Expenses or (II) an authority to the Issuer either to deduct from any 
cash amount owing to the Warrantholder an amount sufficient to pay such Exercise 
Expenses and to pay on behalf of the Warrantholder such Exercise Expenses or to 
convert such amount of the Entitlement due to be delivered to such Warrantholder as 
is necessary to pay such Exercise Expenses and to pay on behalf of the Warrantholder 
such Exercise Expenses, as referred to in General Condition 5(c)(iv) above; 
(H) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include such details as are required by the 
applicable Issue Terms for delivery of the relevant Entitlement which may include 
account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of such Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to 
whom documents evidencing such Entitlement are to be delivered and (x) in the case 
of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for 
and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, specify the name and the number of the Warrantholder’s account with 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited with any 
cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any cash amount constituting such 
Entitlement or the Fractional Entitlement (if applicable) or any dividends or other 
distributions relating to such Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price or as a result of the occurrence of a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer 
electing to pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price or as a result of the Issuer 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or 
Early Termination Event, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date 
or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, (y) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC,

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
specify the details of the account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, 
either in respect of any cash amount constituting such Entitlement or the Fractional 
Entitlement (if applicable) or any dividends or other distributions relating to such 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the 
Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or as a result of the 
occurrence of a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer electing to pay the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may 
be, or (z) in the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, specify the details of 
the account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of 
any cash amount constituting such Entitlement or the Fractional Entitlement (if 
applicable) or any dividends or other distributions relating to such Entitlement or as a 
result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer electing to 
pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or as a result of the occurrence of a Failure 
to Deliver and the Issuer electing to pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price or as 
a result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be; 
(I) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants which are Currency Warrants only, specify 
the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, to be credited with the amount due upon exercise or termination 
of the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date 
or Early Termination Event, as the case may be; 
(J) 
certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a 
Permanent Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant (in respect of interests held 
by persons other than QIBs)  that the Warrantholder and the beneficial owner of each 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Exercise Notice) or as otherwise defined in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of 
certification in respect of selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and 
other laws of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms; and 
(K) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
(ii) 
If General Condition 5(e) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be 
different from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and the Warrant Agents during normal office hours. 
(b) 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for 
and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, upon 
receipt of an Exercise Notice, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, shall 
verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the Warrantholder of the Warrants 
referred to therein according to the books of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be. Subject thereto, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will confirm 
to the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar the Series number and the number of Warrants 
the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of any cash 
amounts payable in respect of the Warrants or, as the case may be, the details for the delivery of

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
the Entitlement or any other asset(s) in respect of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the 
subject of the Exercise Notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Warrant Agent will 
inform the Issuer thereof. Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will on or 
before the Settlement Date (or in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants, the final Settlement Date) 
or the Early Termination Settlement Date or any other date specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, 
as the case may be, debit the account of the relevant Warrantholder with the Warrants the subject 
of the Exercise Notice. 
Upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Global Warrant registered in the name 
of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, as the case may be, the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf, 
of the Registrar, note such exercise on the Schedule to such Global Warrant registered in the name 
of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, as the case may be, and the number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the 
cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the New York Warrant Agent shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the Warrantholder of the Warrants referred to therein 
according to the records of DTC. Subject thereto, the New York Warrant Agent shall notify the Issuer 
of the number of Warrants the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details 
for the payment of any cash amounts payable in respect of the Warrants or, as the case may be, 
the details for delivery of the relevant Entitlement or any other asset(s) in relation to each Warrant 
the subject of the Exercise Notice.   
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, upon automatic exercise of such Warrant, the New York Warrant Agent shall verify the 
account of the Warrantholder according to the records of DTC. Subject thereto, the New York 
Warrant Agent shall notify the Issuer of the number of Warrants the subject of the automatic exercise 
and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of any cash amounts payable in respect of 
the Warrants or, as the case may be, the details for delivery of the relevant Entitlement or any other 
asset(s) in relation to each Warrant the subject of the automatic exercise.   
Upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, the New York Warrant Agent will note such exercise on the Schedule 
to such Rule 144A Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by 
the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the 
Definitive Warrant Agent shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the 
Warrantholder of the Warrants referred to therein according to the Register. Subject thereto, the 
Definitive Warrant Agent shall notify the Issuer of the number of Warrants the subject of the Exercise 
Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of any cash amounts payable in 
respect of the Warrants or, as the case may be, the details for delivery of the relevant Entitlement 
or any other asset(s) of each Warrant the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be 
made by, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant registered in the name of a 
nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, the Principal Warrant Agent 
and the Registrar or, in the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants, the Definitive Warrant 
Agent or, in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
on behalf of DTC, the New York Warrant Agent, in each case, in consultation with the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the Registrar, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, the Warrant Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any 
Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the 
Principal Warrant Agent or the Registrar immediately after being delivered or sent to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, the New York Warrant Agent or the Definitive Warrant Agent, as the case 
may be, as provided in paragraph (a) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, the New York Warrant Agent or the Definitive Warrant Agent, as the case may be, in 
consultation with the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, the New York Warrant Agent or the Definitive Warrant Agent, as the case may be and 
copied to the Principal Warrant Agent and the Registrar. 
In respect of an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any Warrant (other than a Multiple Exercise Warrant) with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set 
out above by the cut-off time specified in General Condition 5(a)(i), in the case of American 
Style Warrants, or General Condition 5(a)(ii), in the case of European Style Warrants, shall 
become void. In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant and an Actual Exercise Date, if 
Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no 
Exercise Notice has been duly completed in the manner set out above by the cut-off time 
specified in General Condition 5(a)(iii), the Issuer shall have no obligation in respect of such 
Warrant in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. 
If an Early Termination Event occurs, if (a) any Warrantholder fails to deliver an Exercise 
Notice (together with (in the case of Private Placement Definitive Warrants) the relevant 
Private Placement Definitive Warrant(s)), in the manner set out herein or fails to send a copy 
to the Principal Warrant Agent or the Registrar as set out herein on or prior to the day that 
is 180 calendar days after the Termination Cut-off Date or (b) either an Exercise Notice is 
received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (in the case of Warrants represented by 
a Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear), the New York Warrant Agent (in the 
case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC) or the Definitive Warrant Agent (in the case of Private Placement Definitive 
Warrants), or the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent or the Registrar, in 
each case, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the relevant 
Termination Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligations in respect of 
such Warrant in relation to such Early Termination Event and the relevant Early Termination 
Amount and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the Warrantholder submitting an 
Exercise Notice if it has been determined as provided above that such Exercise Notice is incomplete 
or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the 
Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent, the Registrar, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear and DTC shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such 
determination to a Warrantholder. 
(d) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an irrevocable

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified on such Actual Exercise 
Date. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to a Multiple Exercise Warrant), the 
relevant Warrantholder may not transfer the Warrants the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of a Multiple Exercise Warrant in relation to an 
Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising Warrantholder may 
not transfer such Warrant until after the Settlement Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of a Multiple Exercise Warrant in relation to the final 
Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(e) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise and termination of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices 
in force on the relevant Exercise Date or the date on which the Early Termination Event occurs, as 
the case may be, and none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Warrant Agents and the 
Registrar shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, 
after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the 
Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Warrant Agents and the Registrar shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of Clearstream, Luxembourg, or Euroclear or DTC in relation to the 
performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
7 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
This paragraph (a) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise Date, or, in the 
case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on any Actual 
Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum 
Exercise Number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of 
the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to 
exercise Warrants in breach of this General Condition shall, unless the Issuer otherwise decides 
be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise Date 
by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the 
Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the 
“Quota”), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, 
selected by the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of 
such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Business Days 
until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that 
the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the 
Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of 
Warrants are exercised on the same day by Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in respect 
of such Warrants shall be at the discretion of the Issuer. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants and Multiple Exercise Warrants 
This paragraph (b) applies only to European Style Warrants and Multiple Exercise Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date, or in the case of 
Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
Date, in each case, as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise 
Number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants 
in breach of this provision shall, unless the Issuer otherwise decides, be void and of no effect. 
8 
Illegality, Section 871(m) Event or Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event in 
relation to the Warrants 
If the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, determines that:  
(a) 
the performance of its obligations under the Warrants or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case 
may be, has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason; or  
(b) 
that either (i) a Section 871(m) Event occurs or (ii) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event has 
occurred, in either case, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms,  
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Warrants, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay 
to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each Unit, as the case may be, held by such holder, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, notwithstanding the relevant illegality (if applicable), on a day selected by the 
Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging or funding 
arrangements but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions 
as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
9 
Purchases 
Any of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries or Affiliates may, but is not 
obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. 
Any Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation, however, Warrants so 
purchased may only be resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A, Regulation S or otherwise thereunder. 
10 Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
(a) 
Warrant Agents, Registrar and Authentication Agent 
The specified offices of the Warrant Agents, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent are as set 
out in General Condition 24. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Warrant Agents, 
the Registrar or the Authentication Agent (as the case may be) and to appoint further or additional 
Warrant Agents, Registrars and Authentication Agents (as the case may be), PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Registrar in respect of each issue of English Law Warrants; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Authentication Agent; 
(iii) 
no termination of appointment of the Principal Warrant Agent shall become effective until a 
replacement Principal Warrant Agent with a specified office outside the United Kingdom shall have

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
been appointed;  
(iv) 
so long as any of the Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, there shall be a Warrant Agent 
having a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
listing authority or stock exchange; 
(v) 
so long as any of the Warrants are Private Placement Definitive Warrants there shall be a 
Definitive Warrant Agent; and  
(vi) 
so long as any of the Warrants are represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, there shall be a New York Warrant Agent. 
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of the Warrant 
Agents, the Registrar and the Authentication Agent will be given to Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11. In acting under the Warrant Agreement, the Warrant Agents, the 
Registrar and the Authentication Agent each acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume 
any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders and 
any determinations and calculations made in respect of the Warrants by the Warrant Agents, the 
Registrar or the Authentication Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent PROVIDED THAT there will at all times be a Calculation Agent. Notice of the termination of 
appointment will be given to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. In relation to 
each issue of Warrants, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the Issuer or another entity) acts solely 
as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency 
or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. All discretions exercised and calculations and determinations 
made in respect of the Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) 
be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) the Calculation Agent shall have no responsibility to any person for any errors 
or omissions in (a) calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the Warrants 
or (b) any determination made by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be 
decided by reference to the Issuer’s, the Calculation Agent’s or such other person’s opinion), unless 
otherwise expressly stated herein or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may be, (a) where Sole 
and Absolute Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in good faith and in its sole 
and absolute discretion or (b) where Commercial Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Warrants as provided herein, each of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take into account such factors 
as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or 
events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements entered into by a

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
Hedging Party in respect of the Warrants. The exercise of the Issuer’s and/or the Calculation Agent’s 
and/or such other person’s discretion in respect of the Warrants as provided herein are necessary 
because certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or disruption to an 
Underlying to which the Warrants are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Warrants 
which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Warrants or 
relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the 
pricing of the Warrants. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability 
or disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise 
appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in connection with the 
Warrants to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 10, “hedging arrangements” means the arrangements, if any, 
the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or delivered 
under the Warrants as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing directly in an 
Underlying. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect investment by entering into or 
acquiring a derivative contract referencing an Underlying. Such hedging arrangements may be 
carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains arrangements for hedging 
the Warrants together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates). A Hedging Party will 
seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory 
and business environment in which it operates, but will do so without having regard to the interests 
of Warrantholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but 
will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its hedging 
arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into 
any hedging arrangements and, if any hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements 
will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Warrantholder and no Warrantholder will have 
recourse to any such hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the 
Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant information, which 
may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one or more 
third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield 
curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any Affiliates 
of the Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by the Calculation Agent in the regular 
course of its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide 
issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation 
Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Warrants 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity 
or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
(g) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (i) the 
advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the Warrants, (ii) the value of the Warrants at 
any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Warrantholders for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, 
consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if notified of the possibility of 
such damages. 
(h) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of Warrants 
including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any 
Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for example, 
as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the 
Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Warrants or any Underlying and 
as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent 
and its and/or its Affiliates’ interests in other capacities. Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither 
the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Warrants shall owe any duty or responsibility 
to any Warrantholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Warrantholder. 
(i) 
Modifications 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor may modify the Conditions, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
and/or the Warrant Agreement without the consent of the Warrantholders in any manner which the 
Issuer may deem necessary or desirable PROVIDED THAT either: 
(i) 
such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders (without 
considering the individual circumstances of any holders of Warrants or the tax or other 
consequences of such adjustment in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error 
or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Warrants which the Issuer determines (whether before or after issue) to list on a stock 
exchange, market or quotation system, such modification is made to enable such Warrants to be 
listed on such stock exchange, market or quotation system. 
(iv) 
Notice of any such modification will be given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 but failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such 
modification. 
11 Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders shall be valid if delivered (i) (a) in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Global Warrant registered in the name of a nominee for and held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, (b) in the case of 
Private Placement Definitive Warrants, to the Definitive Warrant Agent or (c) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, to DTC, in each case 
for communication by them to the Warrantholders and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to 
have been received by the Warrantholders and (ii) if and so long as the Warrants are admitted to trading

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
and/or listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such delivery or, if earlier, the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
12 Expenses and Taxation 
(a) 
A Warrantholder must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to such Warrants as provided above. 
(b) 
Neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any Taxes or 
other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise, termination or 
enforcement of any Warrant by any person. The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor shall have the right, 
but not the duty, to withhold or deduct from all payments and/or deliveries made by the Issuer and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor such amount as is necessary (i) for the payment of any such Taxes or other payment 
which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted or (ii) for effecting reimbursement to the 
Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor for any payment by it of any Taxes, withholding or other payment referred 
to in this General Condition 12. 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of Warrantholders, to create and issue 
further Warrants which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Warrants and (ii) are identical in all respects with such Warrants (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
14 Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor) applies to a substitution, 
at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders, of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), provided that in respect of: 
(i) 
a substitution of CGMHI, such substitution is subject to satisfaction of the conditions for 
substitution set out in General Condition 14(c) (General Conditions for Substitution) below; and  
(ii) 
a substitution of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such substitution is subject to satisfaction of 
the conditions for substitution set out in General Conditions 14(b) (Substitution of CGMFL and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor) and 14(c) (General Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders substitute 
for itself any Substitute, provided that: 
(i) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, on 
the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(as the case may be) being substituted (the "Original Entity"), of at least the equivalent standing 
and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; or 
(ii) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Additional Requirements are satisfied: 
For the purposes of this General Condition 14(b), "Additional Requirements" means the application of 
each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including without limitation voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous 
proceedings), the Original Entity shall unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of 
the Substitute arising from the Conditions in relation to the Warrants; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both (I) the Substitute is 
an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, on the date of such substitution, shall 
demonstrate a long term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised credit rating 
agency active in the international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) 
which is at least as high as that of the Original Entity;  
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in relation to any 
additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Noteholders due to differences between the 
regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the Original Entity and the Substitute, in each case which 
arise and become payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the 
Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; or (II) no occurrence 
of an event which remains in existence on such date which, in the absence of the relevant grace 
period, would otherwise constitute an Event of Default, in relation to the Warrants. 
(c) 
General Conditions of Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place pursuant to this 
General Condition 14:

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, the Warrants 
or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Warrant Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer having obtained (a) legal opinions from independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substitute and England that the 
obligations of the Substitute, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, under the Warrants or, in 
the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, are 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute and (b) in the case of the substitution of the 
Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal 
adviser in England, that the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis 
mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute (provided that no opinion 
as referred to in this sub-paragraph (b) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL 
Guarantor with respect to Warrants issued by CGMFL); 
(iv) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and, that the Substitute and the 
Warrants comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the CEA; 
(v) 
each substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Warrants are 
listed confirming that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Warrants will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vi) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Warrants; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, giving notice of the date of such 
substitution to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 14 the Substitute may, without the consent of 
any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in General Condition 14 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions to the Issuer or CGMFL Guarantor, as 
the case may be, shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to 
any such further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Guarantor may be a 
Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 14, any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
For the avoidance of doubt, CGMFL may be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this 
General Condition albeit that it is the CGMFL Guarantor without there being any breach of the 
Conditions which shall be construed accordingly

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
(iv) 
For so long as any Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be notified 
of any such substitution and the requirements of any such stock exchange in respect of such 
substitution shall be complied with (including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 14 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as transferee as part of any resolution, 
restructuring, or reorganization of the CGMFL Guarantor upon or following the CGMFL Guarantor 
becoming subject to any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 14 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil code, the 
Warrantholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Warrants, are expressly deemed to 
have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in accordance with this General Condition 
14 and to the release of CGMFL from any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with any of them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English 
law. 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Warrants, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Warrants (a “Dispute”) and all Disputes will be submitted to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Warrantholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts and each of the Issuer and any Warrantholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to 
settle any Dispute. 
The Issuer hereby appoints Citigroup Global Markets Limited whose registered office is currently at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB as its agent in England to receive 
service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, 
in the event of Citigroup Global Markets Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute 
and shall immediately notify Warrantholders of such appointment in accordance with General Condition 
11. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. 
Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (the “Companies Act 1915”) are excluded. In addition, no 
Warrantholder may initiate proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 
1915. 
EACH WARRANTHOLDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES 
(TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY 
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH, THE WARRANTS OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE 
OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR 
ACTIONS OF THE WARRANTHOLDERS.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
16 Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(i) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal 
 
Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
(each, a “U.S. Special Resolution Regime”), the transfer of the Warrants (where the Warrants are 
 
Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMFL) the CGMFL 
 
Deed of Guarantee (together, the “Relevant Agreements”) (and the transfer of any interest and 
 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements), from the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
 
applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be  effective under such U.S. 
 
Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and obligation in or under 
 
the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
 
States; and  
(ii) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their affiliates (as such term is defined in, 
 
and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 United States Code (“U.S.C.”) 1841(k)) becomes 
 
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer or 
 
the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime 
 
if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
 
States.  
For purposes of this Condition 16 “default right” has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be 
interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations (“C.F.R.”) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 
C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and “Covered Instrument” refers to any Warrant issued under this program 
that falls within the definition of a “qualified financial contract” as such term is defined in, and as 
interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
17 Realisation Disruption 
If “Realisation Disruption” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the occurrence 
and/or continuation of any Realisation Disruption Event on or before the date on which the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Warrants have been discharged, the Issuer may either (A) direct the 
Calculation Agent to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Warrants (including 
any payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic effect of 
the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (B) cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will 
pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates of unwinding any relevant Hedging Positions, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11. 
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (a) payments under 
the Warrants in the currency (the “Local Currency”) in which the Hedging Positions are denominated or 
payable rather than the Settlement Currency, (b) deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, 
charge or deduction from the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Warrants or delivery of 
any Entitlement being subject to payment by the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to a pro rata 
portion of any such tax, charge or deduction, (c) non-payment of the relevant payment or non-delivery of 
the relevant Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant Warrants until the relevant restrictions (including 
but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
(d) determination of any relevant exchange rate by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all 
available information that it deems relevant and/or (e) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash 
amounts in respect of the Warrants, physical delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) PROVIDED THAT such Underlying(s) 
may be subject to transfer restrictions and additional certifications may be required from the 
Warrantholders. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Upon the occurrence of a Realisation Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Realisation 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in securities, 
futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; (ii) stock loan 
transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging 
Party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants. 
“Realisation Disruption Event” means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(a) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by any applicable 
governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by any Hedging Party in any Hedging 
Positions held by any Hedging Party such that: 
(i) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to purchase, sell or 
otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, continue or otherwise complete such 
transactions) and/or is or would be materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its 
obligations in respect of any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants 
and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its obligations under any 
Hedging Positions; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under 
the Warrants and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(b) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any restrictions or any 
charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, judicial or regulatory body): 
(i) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or convert the Local 
Currency for the Settlement Currency or the Settlement Currency for the Local Currency through 
the customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver the Settlement Currency or the Local Currency 
and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the Hedging Position (or any transaction relating to a Hedging 
Position) between (x) accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the “Local Jurisdiction”) 
and any accounts in the jurisdiction of the Settlement Currency or (y) to or from a party that is a 
non-resident of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of the 
Settlement Currency; and/or 
(ii) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from transferring amounts payable 
under any Hedging Position or in respect of the Warrants between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and 
the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of the Settlement Currency and the

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
jurisdiction of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(iii) 
such that the Calculation Agent’s ability to determine a rate at which the Local Currency can be 
exchanged for the Settlement Currency (or vice versa), for any reason becomes restricted, or such 
determination is otherwise impracticable or such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to “materially restricted”, “materially increased” and “material” and any 
determination in respect “materially” or “material” in respect of any such provision shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems appropriate. 
18 Administrator/Benchmark Event 
This General Condition 18 (the “Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions”) shall apply if 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (if 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in 
General Condition 20 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) and (if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 19 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
In the event that this General Condition 18 applies and an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance 
and, without limitation, such adjustment(s) may (i) consist of one or more amendments and/or be made 
on one or more dates (ii) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant 
event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants and (iii) 
include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Warrants 
including, where applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the 
successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, 
as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, taking into account the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and 
if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made 
in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Warrants. In the event that, under any such terms, any other consequences could apply in relation to an 
event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which 
terms shall apply in its discretion. 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
other relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants or (3) save where the Issue 
Terms specify that “Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))” is not applicable, it is not commercially 
reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the Warrants as a result of 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold 
a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants and for any reason 
such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of 
the administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer 
representative or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any 
relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
“Benchmark” means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Warrants, 
or the value of the Warrants, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect of the 
Warrants. 
19 Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This General Condition 19 (the “Reference Rate Event Provisions”) shall apply if “Reference Rate Event 
Provisions” are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 
20 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance. 
(a) 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate in relation to the relevant Warrants, 
the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and  
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(a) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate; 
and 
(b) 
determine such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Warrants, 
provided that, as an alternative to the procedure described in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, the 
Calculation may instead: (i) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
terms of the Warrants are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event (such determination being 
a "No Adjustment Determination"); or (ii) make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Warrants as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the "RRE 
Adjustments"). 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Warrants, as applicable, (i) 
a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the Warrants or (ii) the 
relevant RRE Adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by 
it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective date for the relevant replacement and 
amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders 
of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
If, 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any RRE Adjustments; 
or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a 
Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to calculate 
an Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, 
as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, taking into account the Material Change Event 
Trigger, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and 
if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made 
in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
References to "Reference Rate" will, where appropriate, include any related component rate, tenor or 
compounded index rate. 
(b) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become effective 
pursuant to General Condition 19(a) above, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination 
in respect of the Warrants and at that time, no replacement or amendments have occurred in accordance 
with General Condition 19(a) and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for 
the Warrants to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to use 
the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants, the level of 
the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent for the Warrants to reference

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Warrants, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute 
or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or successor 
rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the Reference Rate was 
published or was permitted to be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation (the “Last 
Permitted Rate”) or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate 
is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine 
such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in 
order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above 
only, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the 
above and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify 
the Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Warrantholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the 
Issuer to the Warrantholders or (ii) the Warrantholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any 
such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation 
event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such Reference Rate (howsoever described under 
the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer 
of economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement 
Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative 
or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology.  
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
“Interpolated Reference Rate” with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate for the longest 
period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the 
Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is longer than the 
Corresponding Tenor. 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of the relevant Reference Rate, the 
first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
“Reference Rate Event” means: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference Rate has 
occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision 
of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there is no successor administrator or 
provider that will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or (C) a regulator or other official sector 
entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference 
Rate in respect of the Warrants or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants 
which are derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the relevant 
Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Warrants; 
(iii) 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that “Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))” is not 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that it is not commercially reasonable to continue 
the use of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the Warrants as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant 
licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation or any other entity is 
required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants 
and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a 
material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional 
or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or another official body with applicable responsibility 
announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative, of any underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or  
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-
counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms 
or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will be replaced with a 
replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible 
for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working 
group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for the currency in which the 
Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those 
central banks or other supervisors, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or other 
price source or rate that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate must be any one of the 
following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current Reference 
Rate; or 
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for calculating an 
index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may be formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body, (b) the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other relevant trade association, working group, 
task-force or committee to replace the Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as 
being an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (I) a 
publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee, or (II) a 
press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard 
terms or otherwise by ISDA) (a “Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate”); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback that the Calculation Agent determines to 
be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
20 USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
This General Condition 20 (the “USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions”) shall apply if the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(a) 
USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines 
on or prior to any date on which a USD Benchmark is required to be determined under the terms of the 
Warrants that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each, as 
defined below) have occurred with respect to a USD Benchmark, then (subject as provided in paragraph 
(c) (Interim Adjustments) below) the provisions set forth below under paragraph (b) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) (the “Benchmark Transition Provisions”) below will apply. 
(b) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of 
the USD Benchmark on any date, then (subject as provided in paragraph (c) (Interim Adjustments) 
below), the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current USD Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Warrants in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates (including without limitation, the determination of any 
amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants determined by reference to the then 
current USD Benchmark). 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, any determination, decision or election

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions 
described herein, including without limitation any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error, will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, shall become effective without consent from the 
Warrantholders or any other party. 
(iv) 
Notification of Warrantholders 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined the Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes for purposes of the Warrants, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above and 
the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination, decision or election as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Date. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to 
notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of any such determination will 
not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any replacement or adjustments having occurred 
pursuant to paragraph (b) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), a USD Benchmark is required for any 
determination in respect of the Warrants and, at the time of the relevant determination, a Benchmark 
Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made in accordance with paragraph (b) 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and: 
(a) 
if such USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Warrants to reference such USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent to use such USD Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Warrants, such USD Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of such USD Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition 
Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if such USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent for the Warrants to 
reference such USD Benchmark or for any such entity to use such USD Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants, such USD Benchmark shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for USD LIBOR of the 
relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a 
commercially reasonable alternative to such USD Benchmark, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If such USD Benchmark is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the 
Calculation Agent may make such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate to reflect the adoption of such substituted or successor rate. 
If the Calculation Agent determines such USD Benchmark in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above 
only, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it and the action that it

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders thereof 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of any 
such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
 
(d) 
Definitions 
As used in this General Condition 20: 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current USD 
Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD Benchmark; provided that if the 
Calculation Agent cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date, then “Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(v) 
 the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation Agent as 
the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current USD Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current USD Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, without limitation, changes 
to the determination of valuation dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current USD Benchmark : 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later 
of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the 
date on which the administrator of the USD Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (x) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date 
on which the USD Benchmark ceases to be representative by reference to the most recent public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein or, if earlier, the date the USD 
Benchmark is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the USD 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the USD 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the USD Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the USD Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the USD Benchmark, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the USD Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be,  representative of any underlying market and economic reality that 
such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
“Compounded SOFR” means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate being established by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; provided that: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and 
conventions for this rate that have been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at 
such time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR shall exclude the Benchmark

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor 
for the then-current USD Benchmark. 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the USD Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the USD Benchmark for the longest 
period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) 
the USD Benchmark for the shortest period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is longer than 
the Corresponding Tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be 
determined in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the USD Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
Relevant ISDA Definitions to be effective in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark means (1) if the USD 
Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such determination, and (2) if the 
USD Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Relevant ISDA Definitions” means any of (i) the 2006 Definitions or (ii) the 2021 Definitions or (iii) any 
successor definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, in each case, as selected 
by the Calculation Agent as most appropriate at the relevant time by reference to the hedging 
arrangements for the Warrants. Where relevant, the Calculation Agent may also, but is not required to, 
determine by reference to such hedging arrangements that one or more supplements, amendments or 
updates for interest rates derivatives in respect of the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, as 
applicable, applies as an integral part of the Relevant ISDA Definitions. 
“SOFR” with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate, (or a successor administrator) 
on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website. 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on 
SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.  
“USD Benchmark” means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR 
or the then-current USD Benchmark, then USD Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
“USD LIBOR” means the London inter-bank offered rate for deposits in USD. 
20A Adjustments 
(a) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the General Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant 
to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 20, the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 19 and the redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General Condition 18: 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market); 
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any 
time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related payment 
dates and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the 
application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in 
the relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (iii) adjustments to reflect any 
increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective dates, may 
but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is determined 
on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, unless 
the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this General Condition 20A 
(Adjustments), the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination 
in relation to the General Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination 
would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate is no longer used as an interest rate for 
purposes of the Warrants and (ii) the maturity, termination or expiry of the Warrants. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this General 
Condition 20A (Adjustments), the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations 
and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Warrants as are provided for in connection with 
a Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the 
occurrence of an event that causes the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set 
out in Underlying Schedule 12 to apply (a "Substitute or Successor Rate Event"), as applicable, 
notwithstanding that such Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark 
Event or Substitute or Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date 
of the Warrants. 
(b) 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions set out in General Condition 20, the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General 
Condition 19 and the redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out 
in General Condition 18, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to monitor or

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has occurred to 
which such provisions might apply. 
(c) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine and 
calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in accordance with 
the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 20, the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in General Condition 19 and the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which 
are Rates set out in Underlying Schedule 12, the redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General Condition 18 (each a “Reference Rate 
Fallback Provision”) (or it would be unlawful were a determination to be made at that time); or (b) it 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a replacement interest rate or 
make any other determination or adjustment in accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback 
Provision (or it would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at that 
time); or (c) the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment spread (however described in the 
Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a benchmark, index or other price source whose 
production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the Calculation Agent to material 
additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Calculation Agent shall not 
be obliged to make the relevant determination or adjustment and may instead take any alternative action 
under the Conditions as it determines appropriate. 
21 Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders, on giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11: 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the Warrants shall 
be redenominated in euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Warrants is the National Currency Unit of a country which 
is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Settlement 
Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original Settlement 
Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as 
the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent, and as may be specified in 
the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments in respect of the Warrants will be made 
solely in euro as though references in the Warrants to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(ii) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions are expressed in or, in the 
case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the “Original 
Currency”) of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed 
to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case may be, 
into euro at the Established Rate; and 
(iii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after consultation 
with the Calculation Agent, to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments 
expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the Calculation Agent may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Weighting and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Agent shall be liable to 
any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
22 Listing of Warrants 
In respect of Warrants which are to be listed on a stock exchange, market or quotation system, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable endeavours to have such Warrants approved for listing on the relevant stock 
exchange, market or quotation system and to maintain such listing so long as any of such Warrants are 
outstanding, PROVIDED THAT: 
(a) 
if it is impracticable or unduly burdensome, in the opinion of the Issuer acting in good faith, to maintain 
such listing; or 
(b) 
if the maintenance of the listing of the Warrants has, in the opinion of the Issuer, become unduly onerous 
for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to, (i) the need for the Issuer and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor to meet the requirements of (x) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading or (y) of Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
harmonisation of transparency requirements with regard to information about issuers whose securities 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market (which test, for the avoidance of doubt but without limitation, 
would be satisfied if the Issuer would be required to publish financial information according to accounting 
principles or standards that are materially different from United States generally accepted accounting 
principles) or (ii) the need for the Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor to comply with any continuing 
obligation of the relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system, 
then the Issuer may apply to the relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system to de-list such 
Warrants from such stock exchange, market or quotation system in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system PROVIDED THAT it shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to obtain and maintain as soon as reasonably practicable after such de-listing an alternative 
admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of the relevant Warrants by an appropriate stock exchange, 
market or quotation system within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, such admission to listing, trading and/or quotation on an appropriate stock 
exchange, market or quotation system is not available or if obtaining or maintaining such admission would 
be, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly burdensome, the Issuer shall not be required to 
obtain such admission and shall have no further obligation to obtain or maintain any listing, trading and/or 
quotation for the relevant Warrants. 
23 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Warrants do not confer on any person any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
(the “Act”) to enforce any term of the Warrants. This provision does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from the Act. 
24 Specified Offices of the Warrant Agents, Registrar and Authentication Agent  
Principal Warrant Agent and New York Warrant Agent 
Citibank Europe PLC  
1 North Wall Quay

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
Definitive Warrant Agent 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Registrar 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland  
 
Authentication Agent 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
25 Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power 
in Respect of Warrants Issued by CGMFL 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 25 ONLY APPLIES TO WARRANTS ISSUED BY CGMFL: 
In respect of Warrants issued by CGMFL (such Warrants being “CGMFL Warrants”), each Warrantholder 
(which, for the purposes of this General Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in such 
CGMFL Warrants) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding any other term of the 
CGMFL Warrants or any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and such 
Warrantholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL Warrants: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority if the 
latter were to consider that the amounts due under the CGMFL Warrants would fall within the scope of 
the bail-in power. This bail-in power may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the CGMFL Warrants; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the CGMFL Warrants into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Warrants, in 
which case the Warrantholder agrees to accept, in lieu of any rights under the CGMFL Warrants, 
any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the CGMFL Warrants; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the CGMFL Warrants or amendment of any Cash 
Settlement Amount(s) payable on the CGMFL Warrants, or the date on which any such amounts

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
if applicable, that the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Warrants are subject to, and may be varied, if 
necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority. 
For these purposes, the bail-in power refers to any write down or conversion power existing from time to 
time (including, without limitation, any power to amend or alter the term of eligible liabilities of an institution 
under resolution or amend the amount of any Cash Settlement Amount(s) payable under such eligible 
liabilities or the date on which any such amounts become payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period) under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
applicable in Luxembourg, whether relating to (i) the implementation of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (“BRRD”), as 
amended from time to time and as transposed into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 
December 2015, as amended, (ii) the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), or (iii) any other laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements arising under Luxembourg law, and the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which, in particular, the obligations of the Issuer can be reduced (in part 
or in whole), cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of the Issuer 
or any other person. 
A reference to the relevant resolution authority is to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier 
(CSSF) acting as resolution board (conseil de résolution) and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any bail-in power with the authority to exercise any of the Luxembourg bail-in 
powers against the Issuer from time to time, including the Single Resolution Board, the European Central 
Bank, the European Banking Authority, the European Council and the European Commission when acting 
pursuant to the provisions of the SRM Regulation.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
SECTION E.2 — GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN LAW WARRANTS 
The following is the text of the General Conditions of the German Law Warrants which, together 
with the applicable Underlying Schedule(s), the Multi-Underlying Annex, if applicable, the 
Settlement on Exercise Schedule, if applicable, the Participation Conditions Annex, if applicable, 
the APAC Compliance Annex, if applicable, and the applicable Issue Terms, will be attached to 
each Global Warrant (as defined below). The Warrants or Certificates of this Series (as defined below) 
(such Warrants or Certificates being hereinafter referred to either as the “Warrants” or the “Certificates”) 
are issued in accordance with a Master Warrant Agreement dated 14 December 2022 (as supplemented 
and/or amended and/or replaced from time to time, the “Warrant Agreement”) among, inter alia, Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”), Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A (“CGMFL”) 
each as an issuer, Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”) as guarantor in respect of Warrants issued 
by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, 
the “CGMFL Guarantor”) and Citibank Europe PLC as principal warrant agent (the “Principal Warrant 
Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal warrant agent), Citibank N.A., London 
Branch as authentication agent (the “Authentication Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor authentication agent). The Warrants are issued in accordance with the Warrant Agreement, as 
amended and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement and shall become valid obligations 
of the Issuer when the applicable Issue Terms are attached to a global warrant (the “Global Warrant”) and 
the Global Warrant is authenticated in accordance with the Warrant Agreement. German Law Warrants 
shall be issued as Exempt Warrants only. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “Warrants” shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
Certificates so that if “Certificates” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references herein to 
“Warrant”, “Warrants”, “Exempt Warrants”, “Global Warrant”, “Global Warrants”, “Warrantholder” and 
“Warrantholders” shall be references to “Certificate”, “Certificates”, “Exempt Certificates”, “Global 
Certificate”, “Global Certificates”, “Certificateholder” and “Certificateholders”, respectively. 
In relation to any Series, either CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to “the Issuer” shall be to whichever of CGMHI or CGMFL 
is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Warrants issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“CGMFL Deed of Guarantee”), dated 11 May 2017 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Warrants issued 
by CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are not the subject of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored 
in relation to Warrants issued by CGMHI and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Warrants are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more "Tranches" of Warrants. Each 
Tranche of Warrants which are (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") or (ii) neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the United Kingdom nor offered in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Warrants") are the subject of a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which amends and/or replaces the Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s). In the event 
of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall 
prevail. 
In the case of German Law Warrants, references herein to the “General Conditions” are to the terms and 
conditions of the Warrants as set out in this section E.2 (General Conditions of the German Law Warrants)

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
(excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the additional terms and conditions contained in the Underlying 
Schedules, the Multi-Underlying Annex, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Participation Conditions 
Annex and the APAC Compliance Annex (each as defined below)). 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Warrants (the “Conditions”) means, the General Conditions 
together with the additional terms and conditions contained in (i) in the case of all Warrants, the Settlement 
on Exercise Schedule, (ii) (a) in the case of Index Warrants, Underlying Schedule 1, (b) in the case of 
Equity Warrants, Underlying Schedule 2, (c) in the case of Depository Receipt Warrants, Underlying 
Schedule 3, (d) in the case of ETF Warrants, Underlying Schedule 4, (e) in the case of Mutual Fund 
Warrants, Underlying Schedule 5, (f) in the case of Commodity Warrants, Underlying Schedule 6, (g) in 
the case of Debt Warrants, Underlying Schedule 7, (h) in the case of Currency Warrants, Underlying 
Schedule 8, (i) in the case of Gilt Warrants, Underlying Schedule 9, (j) in the case of Proprietary Index 
Warrants, Underlying Schedule 10, (k) in the case of Credit Warrants, Underlying Schedule 11 and (l) in 
the case of Rate Warrants, Underlying Schedule 12 (each of Underlying Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 
10, 11 and 12, an “Underlying Schedule” and together, the “Underlying Schedules”), (iii) in the case of 
a Tranche of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, the Multi-Underlying Annex, (iv) in the case 
of Warrants which are Participation Certificates, the Participation Conditions Annex and, to the extent 
applicable, the APAC Compliance Annex, and (v) in the case of all Tranches of Warrants, as completed, 
modified, and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the applicable Issue Terms. 
Debt Warrants, Gilt Warrants, Proprietary Index Warrants and Credit Warrants may only be issued in the 
form of Exempt Warrants. 
For the purposes hereof, “Issue Terms” means the applicable Pricing Supplement, and should be 
construed accordingly. 
References herein to the “applicable Issue Terms” are to Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to 
the Global Warrant. Copies of the Warrant Agreement, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the applicable 
Issue Terms may be obtained during normal office hours from the specified office of the Principal Warrant 
Agent and the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citibank N.A., London Branch, or Citibank N.A., New York Branch (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (the “Calculation 
Agent”) in respect of the terms and conditions of the Warrants unless another entity is so specified as 
calculation agent in the applicable Issue Terms. The expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the 
relevant Warrants, include such other specified calculation agent. 
The Warrants are not eligible for sale in the United States and will be represented by a Permanent Global 
Warrant (the “Permanent Global Warrant”). The Issuer will only issue Permanent Global Warrants. 
References herein to a “Global Warrant” include, as the context so requires a Permanent Global Warrant. 
Except as otherwise specified herein, Definitive Warrants will not be issued. Each Permanent Global 
Warrant will be deposited with a depositary (a “Common Depositary”) on behalf of Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”). In respect of any Global 
Warrant, the right of the Warrantholders to delivery of Definitive Warrants is excluded. The Warrantholders 
shall receive co-ownership participations in or rights with respect to the Global Warrants which are 
transferable in accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any Permanent Global Warrant issued by 
CGMHI will only be issued in relation to equity linked Warrants. 
The applicable Issue Terms for the Warrants are attached to the Global Warrant and either (a) where 
the Warrants are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area,

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
supplements the Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent 
so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, supplement, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purpose of the Warrants or (b) where the Warrants are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area complete the Conditions and, to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, shall prevail for the purpose of the Warrants.  
As used herein, “Series” means an issue of Warrants together with any further issues of Warrants which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Warrants and (b) are 
identical in all respects with such Warrants (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their 
respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. References in the Conditions to “Issue Date” or “Issue Price” 
shall be to the Issue Date or the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Warrants, unless otherwise specified. 
Words and expressions used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where used in 
the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1 
Type, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Type 
The Exempt Warrants are Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF 
Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants, Debt Warrants, Currency Warrants, Commodity Warrants, Gilt 
Warrants, Proprietary Index Warrants, Credit Warrants, Rate Warrants and/or any other or further 
type of warrants or combination of types of Warrants as is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
The Issue Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are “EMEA Participation Certificates”, 
“LATAM Participation Certificates”, “Saudi Participation Certificates”, “APAC Participation 
Certificates”, “APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates”, “Call Warrants”, “Put 
Warrants”, “Call Spread Warrants”, “Put Spread Warrants”, “Delta One Warrants” or 
“Long/Short Warrants”. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being an “Index” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 1, the Underlying Schedule 1 shall prevail.  
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 2 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Share” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 1 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 3 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Depository Receipt” in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
the event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 3 and the General 
Conditions, the provisions of Underlying Schedule 3 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 4 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being an “ETF” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 4 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 4 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 5 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Mutual Fund” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the 
event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 5 and the General Conditions, 
the provisions of Underlying Schedule 5 shall prevail.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 6 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Commodity” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the 
event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 6 and the General Conditions, 
the provisions of Underlying Schedule 6 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 7 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Debt” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 7 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 7 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 8 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Currency” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event 
of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 8 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 8 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 9 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Gilt” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of any 
conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 9 and the General Conditions, the provisions 
of Underlying Schedule 9 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 10 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Proprietary Index” in the applicable Issue Terms. In 
the event of any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 10 and the General 
Conditions, the provisions of Underlying Schedule 10 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 11 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Credit” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 11 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 11 shall prevail. 
The provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 and the Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply to 
any Underlying which is specified as being a “Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms. In the event of 
any conflict between the provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 and the General Conditions, the 
provisions of Underlying Schedule 12 shall prevail. 
In addition to any relevant Underlying Schedule, Settlement on Exercise Schedule, and the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of the Multi-Underlying Annex shall apply to any Warrants 
relating to more than one Underlying. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the 
relevant Underlying Schedule and the Multi-Underlying Annex, the Multi-Underlying Annex shall 
prevail.  
If the Warrants are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be “EMEA Participation Certificates”, 
“LATAM Participation Certificates”, “Saudi Participation Certificates”, “APAC Participation 
Certificates”, “APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates”, the provisions of the Participation 
Conditions Annex shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Participation 
Conditions Annex and the General Conditions, the provisions of the Participation Conditions Annex 
will prevail. 
If "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the 
Warrants are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation Certificates or APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation Certificates, China 
Participation Certificates or Taiwan Participation Certificates, the provisions of the APAC 
Compliance Annex shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the APAC

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
Compliance Annex and the General Conditions, the provisions of the APAC Compliance Annex 
shall prevail. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate, inter alia, whether the Warrants are American style 
Warrants (“American Style Warrants”) or European style Warrants (“European Style Warrants”) 
or multiple exercise Warrants (“Multiple Exercise Warrants”) or such other type (including, without 
limitation, a combination thereof) as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, whether 
automatic exercise (“Automatic Exercise”) applies to the Warrants, whether settlement shall be by 
way of cash payment (“Cash Settled Warrants”) or physical delivery (“Physical Delivery 
Warrants”), whether the Warrants are call Warrants (“Call Warrants”), put Warrants (“Put 
Warrants”), call spread Warrants (“Call Spread Warrants”), put spread Warrants (“Put Spread 
Warrants”), delta one Warrants (“Delta One Warrants”) or long/short Warrants (“Long/Short 
Warrants”) or such other type as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, whether the 
Warrants may only be exercised in Units, whether Averaging (“Averaging”) will apply to the 
Warrants and whether the Warrants may be terminated early following an Early Termination Event. 
If Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of 
no effect. If Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue 
Terms will state the relevant Averaging Dates and (i) in relation to Index Warrants, Share Warrants, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund Warrants or Proprietary Index Warrants, 
where a Disrupted Day (as defined in the relevant Underlying Schedule) occurs on an Averaging 
Date or (ii) in relation to Warrants other than Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Warrants, ETF Warrants, Rate Warrants or Mutual Fund Warrants, where a Market Disruption Event 
(as defined in the relevant Underlying Schedule or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable) occurs 
on an Averaging Date, whether Omission, Postponement or Modified Postponement (each as 
defined in the relevant Underlying Schedule or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable) applies. 
References in the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Warrants shall 
include references to Physical Delivery Warrants which include an option (as set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms) at the Issuer’s election to make cash settlement of such Warrants pursuant 
to General Condition 4(e) and where settlement is to be by way of cash payment. References in the 
Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Warrants shall be deemed 
to include references to Cash Settled Warrants which include an option (as set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms) at the Issuer’s election to make physical delivery of the relevant Underlying in 
settlement of such Warrants pursuant to General Condition 4(e) and where settlement is to be by 
way of physical delivery. 
Warrants may, if so specified and provided for in the applicable Issue Terms, allow Warrantholders 
to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or by such other 
method of settlement as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Those Warrants where the 
Warrantholder has elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled Warrants and those Warrants 
where the Warrantholder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical Delivery Warrants. The 
rights of a Warrantholder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer’s right to vary 
settlement if so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms and will be subject, in certain circumstances, 
to the Issuer’s right to substitute assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount (as defined below) in 
lieu of physical delivery in accordance with General Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Title to Warrants 
The Warrants will be issued in bearer form. Interest coupons will not be issued.  
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, held by a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear subject as set forth in General Condition 1(c) below,

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of 
Euroclear as the holder of a particular amount of Warrants (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as to the amount of Warrants standing 
to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the Principal Warrant Agent, the Authentication Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear and all other persons dealing with said person as the holder of such amount of Warrants 
for all purposes (and the expressions “Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(c) 
Transfers of Warrants 
Transfers of Warrants may not be effected after the exercise or termination of such Warrants 
pursuant to General Condition 6(d). 
Subject as set forth in this General Condition, all transactions (including permitted transfers of 
Warrants) in the open market or otherwise must be effected, in the case of Warrants represented 
by a Global Warrant, held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, through an account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear subject to and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear. as the case may be. Transfer of an interest in Warrants will be effected through 
registration of the transfer in the books of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may 
be.  
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear shall, whenever the context so 
permits, include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and the Principal Warrant Agent from time to time and notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
(a) 
Transfers of Warrants for Warrants represented by a Global Warrant may be made only in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of Warrants 
represented by a Permanent Global Warrant, from a holder of Warrants represented 
by that Permanent Global Warrant only, to a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser in an 
offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S and, at the time of transfer, such 
transferee shall be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed to the 
selling and transfer restrictions in respect of the federal securities and commodities 
laws of the United States as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
in accordance with any applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Warrant 
Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, as the case may be, and/or as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
 
(ii) 
The Warrantholder must send in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a 
Permanent Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, a free of payment instruction to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, not later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or Brussels 
time, as the case may be) one Luxembourg Business Day or Brussels Business Day, 
as the case may be, prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the 
transferor and the transferee.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
(iii) 
On the transfer date: 
(A) 
in the case of transfers of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will 
debit the account of its participant; and 
(B) 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or the Warrantholder, as the case 
may be, will instruct the Principal Warrant Agent to instruct Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or Euroclear, as the case may be, to credit the relevant 
account of the Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participant, as the 
case may be. 
2 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Warrants 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
(a) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Warrants: only relevant for Warrants issued 
by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the Warrants issued by CGMFL under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
“2006 Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants. 
“2021 Definitions” means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants.  
“Actual Exercise Date” means  
(i) 
the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or  
(ii) 
in relation to each Exercise Date, that Exercise Date (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants), 
or  
(iii) 
subject to General Condition 7(a)(ii), the date during the Exercise Period on which the Warrant is 
actually exercised (in the case of American Style Warrants (as more fully set out in General 
Condition 5(a)(i))). 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of 
the voting power of an entity.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
“BGB” means the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – BGB). 
“Brussels Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Brussels. 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Business Day Centre(s) and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are open for business; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of making payments: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency is euro, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (“TARGET2”) System is open (a “TARGET2 Settlement 
Day”); or 
(ii) 
where the Settlement Currency is a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Settlement Currency (which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian 
dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland and each relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre, respectively). 
Where “TARGET2” is specified as a Business Day Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a Business Day 
shall also be a TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants and an Actual Exercise Date, the 
amount to which the Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to such Actual Exercise 
Date and each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case 
may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to General Condition 4(b)(i) or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as the case may be. 
“CEA” means the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
“CFTC” means the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and any successor thereto. 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in each relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), 
London and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency (which, if the Relevant 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively, and if 
the Relevant Currency is euro, shall be a TARGET2 Settlement Day). 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in relation to an Early Termination Event, the amount to which the 
Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to such Early Termination Event and each 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the applicable Pricing Supplement or the Multi-Underlying 
Annex, as the case may be, or, in the case of APAC Participation Certificates, as provided in the 
Participation Conditions Annex. 
“Early Termination Event” means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, the event (if any) specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as the case may be, or, in the case of APAC 
Participation Certificates, as provided in the Participation Conditions Annex.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
“Early Termination Settlement Date” means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, each date (if any) specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, in the case of APAC Participation Certificates, as provided in the 
Participation Conditions Annex. 
“Entitlement” means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date or an Early Termination Event, 
as the case may be, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be (or, if 
the Issuer has elected to exercise its option pursuant to General Condition 5(f) to substitute assets, the 
quantity of the Substitute Asset(s)), which a Warrantholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date 
relating to such Actual Exercise Date in respect of each such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, following 
payment of the relevant Exercise Price, if applicable, (and any other sums payable) rounded down as 
provided in General Condition 5(c)(ii), as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents 
evidencing such Entitlement. 
“Exercise Date” and “Exercise Dates” means the date or dates (if any) so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
“Exercise Expenses” means, in relation to a Warrant, all Taxes and/or expenses including any depositary 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may be or would be, or 
would have been incurred (i) in connection with the exercise and/or termination of the Warrant and/or any 
payment and/or delivery in respect thereof, and (ii), if “Hedging Taxes” is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, by the Issuer or any Affiliate had such entity unwound or varied any underlying 
related hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrant. 
“Exercise Period” means the exercise period (if any) so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Failure to Deliver Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, shall 
be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets (or, in the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant, 
the Affected Relevant Assets in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date) on a day selected by the 
Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s) in respect of 
the Affected Relevant Assets, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“German Law Warrants” means Warrants in respect of which the governing law is specified as German 
law in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) or, as the case may be, relevant Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
“Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event” means any action, or any announcement of the intention 
to take any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, elimination, 
reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, self-regulatory, legislative or judicial 
authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, as implemented by the CFTC or any 
exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC authority) that (i) affects the definition of “bona fide 
hedging” as that term is used in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the CEA (as at the 
Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any “hedge 
exemptions” previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility acting under 
authority granted pursuant to the CEA, or affects or otherwise amends such other applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) 
increases the cost of the performance of the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Warrants or the cost of 
acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
issuing and performing its obligations under the Warrants, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in 
each case occurring after the Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China. 
“In-the-Money” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Cash Settled Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Cash Settled 
Warrants and the relevant Actual Exercise Date is greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair 
market value of the Entitlement in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date in respect of such Warrant 
(less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price) is greater than zero, 
in all cases, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto. 
“London Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
“Luxembourg Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Luxembourg. 
“Minimum Exercise Number” means the minimum number of Warrants (if any) that may be exercises on 
any day by any Warrantholder, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“New York Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York. 
“Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser” means a person who (i) is not a “U.S. person” (as such term is defined 
under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) is both (A) a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined 
under the CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under the CEA, but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, 
the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not “Non-United States persons” and (B) a “foreign 
located person” as defined in CFTC Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a “U.S. Person” or a “Significant Risk 
Subsidiary”, and does not benefit from a “Guarantee”, in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC 
Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA (in each case as such rules  may be amended, revised, supplemented or 
superseded), and (iv) is not a “U.S. Person” as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the Exchange Act as 
defined herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser is acquiring the Warrants is doing so for the account or 
benefit of another person, such other person must also be a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser.  
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
“RMB Disruption Event” means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of a RMB 
Illiquidity, a RMB Inconvertibility or a RMB Non-Transferability. 
Where: 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“RMB Illiquidity” means the occurrence of any event or circumstances whereby (i) the general 
Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the 
existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the CGMFL Guarantor cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
the Warrants or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position would not be able to obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Position; or (ii) it becomes 
impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be impossible or impractical for any 
party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has 
the effect of it being impossible, impracticable or illegal for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting 
or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position to 
convert (i) any amount as may be required to be paid by any party on any payment date in respect 
of the Warrants or (if applicable) any Hedging Position; or (ii) such other amount as may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be necessary to fulfil the physical delivery obligations (if 
any) on any settlement date, in Renminbi, other than where such impossibility, impracticality or 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the 
control of that party, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position and/or any of 
its Affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside any relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside any relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an 
account outside a relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside a relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticality or illegality is due solely to 
the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for that 
party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or any of its 
Affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“RMB Determination Date” means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the date of 
the relevant payment or delivery under the Warrants. 
“RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be Hong Kong. 
“Section 871(m) Event” means that the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Hedging Party (as 
defined in General Condition 16) is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Hedging 
Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with respect to the Warrants and/or any Hedging 
Positions (as defined in General Condition 16). 
“Spot Rate” means, in respect of an RMB Determination Date, the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange 
rate for the purchase of the Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange 
market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB 
Determination Date by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-
deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the 
CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. Where there is 
more than one RMB Settlement Centre and the rate determined as provided in this definition differs for any 
such RMB Settlement Centre, the Calculation Agent shall select the applicable rate to be the Spot Rate 
(and may, for the avoidance of doubt, select the lowest such rate). All notifications, opinions, 
determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of this definition of Spot Rate by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Warrant Agent, the 
Authentication Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and all Warrantholders. 
Where: 
“Relevant Currency” means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Currency Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or any successor or replacement screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Substitute Asset” and “Substitute Assets” each have the meaning given in General Condition 5(f). 
“Taxes” means, with respect to any jurisdiction, all retrospective, present, future, contingent, pending or 
anticipated taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
imposed by any governmental, national, state or local authority (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
income, corporate, corporation, capital, gross receipts, windfall profits, severance, property, production, 
sales, use, license, excise, value added, franchise, employment, stamp, withholding, transfer, registration 
or similar taxes and national insurance, social security and other similar contributions), together with any 
interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or 
penalties. For the avoidance of doubt, Taxes will include any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, 
withholdings, assessments or other charges of any kind imposed by any general anti-avoidance rules or 
legislation relating to taxation, or any authoritative guidance or regulations promulgated thereunder. 
“Termination Cut-off Date” means, in relation to Exempt Warrants, the date so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (if any). 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the 
Issue Date. 
“Underlyings” means the Index, Indices, Share, Shares, Depositary Receipt, Depositary Receipts, ETF 
Share, ETF Shares, Fund Interest, Fund Interests, Debt Security, Debt Securities, Subject Currency or 
Subject Currencies, Commodity or Commodities, Gilt or Gilts or other asset or assets underlying the 
Warrants and each an “Underlying”. 
“United States” means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
“U.S. person” has the meaning given in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Weighting” means, in respect of an Underlying, the weighting specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
4 
[General Condition 4 Not Used] 
[Intentionally left blank.] 
5 
Exercise Rights and Early Termination  
(a) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise Period 
but subject as provided in General Condition 7. 
Global Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, any American Style Warrant with respect 
to which no Exercise Notice (as defined in General Condition 6(a)) has been delivered in the 
manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels 
time, as the case may be, on the last Business Day of the Exercise Period (the “Expiration 
Date”) and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is “In-the-Money” shall be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise expire 
worthless. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, the Business Day during the Exercise 
Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels 
time (as appropriate), to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, and 
the copy thereof so received by the Principal Warrant Agent or, if no Exercise Notice has 
been delivered at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may be, 
on the Expiration Date, the Expiration Date is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise 
Date”. If any such Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as 
the case may be, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent, in each 
case, after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Business Day 
during the Exercise Period or on any day which is not a Business Day, such Exercise Notice 
will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day, which Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in respect 
of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on the Expiration 
Date shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
Extension of Exercise Period 
If “Extension of Exercise Period” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Exercise Period may be extended by the Issuer by giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11. 
(ii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date, but subject as provided 
in General Condition 7.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
Global Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, any European Style Warrant with respect 
to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, 
at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on the Actual Exercise 
Date and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is “In-the-Money”, shall be 
automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date. Any such Warrant shall otherwise 
expire worthless. 
(iii) 
Multiple Exercise Warrants 
Multiple Exercise Warrants are only exercisable on each Exercise Date, but subject as 
provided in General Condition 7. 
Global Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear 
In the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant represented by a Global Warrant held by a 
Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear if no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 6, at or prior to 10.00 
a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate) on an Actual Exercise Date and which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is “In-the-Money”, such Warrant shall be 
automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date. The Warrantholders rights in respect 
of any such Warrant shall otherwise expire worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
(iv) 
Early Termination 
If in relation to Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that Early 
Termination applies, the Warrants may be terminated early by the Issuer following the 
occurrence of an Early Termination Event, as further described in General Condition 5(b)(ii) 
and in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Global Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, in order to receive the Early Termination 
Amount on the Early Termination Settlement Date, Warrantholders must deliver a duly 
completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 6 at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as appropriate, on the Termination Cut-off 
Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If a duly completed Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or 
the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent later than 10.00 a.m. Brussels or 
Luxembourg time, as appropriate, on the relevant Termination Cut-off Date, then (subject as 
provided in General Condition 6(c)), following receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice, 
any relevant Early Termination Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the 
relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, at the risk of such Warrantholder. If the Exercise 
Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if the 
copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg or Brussels time (as appropriate), on any Business Day, or on a day which is 
not a Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered on the 
next Business Day.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
(b) 
Settlement on exercise and early termination 
(i) 
Settlement on exercise 
The provisions relating to the settlement upon due exercise of the Warrants shall be as 
specified in the Settlement on Exercise Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Early Termination 
If an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall or, if so specified in the relevant 
Schedule or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement may, 
elect to terminate the Warrants and, if so terminated, each Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, will entitle its holder, subject, 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Permanent Global Warrant to certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the immediately following Early 
Termination Settlement Date the relevant Early Termination Amount less any Exercise 
Expenses (where the Early Termination Amount is a cash amount) or subject to payment of 
any Exercise Expenses (where the Early Termination Amount is the Entitlement). Upon 
payment or delivery, as the case may be, of the Early Termination Amount payable or 
deliverable, as the case may be, on such Early Termination Settlement Date, the Issuer and 
the CGMFL Guarantor will have no further obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
Where the Early Termination Amount is a cash amount, the Warrants shall be Cash Settled 
Warrants and where the Early Termination amount is the Entitlement, the Warrants shall be 
Physical Delivery Warrants. 
The Issuer will as soon as practicable notify the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 of the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Event. Without limiting the obligation of the Issuer to give notice to the 
Warrantholders as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of an Early Termination Event shall not affect the 
validity of the occurrence and the effect of the Early Termination Event. 
(iii) 
Cash Settlement and Physical Settlement on exercise or early termination 
Where the Warrants are to be settled either (i) by way of cash payment AND by way of 
physical delivery or (ii) by way of cash payment or physical delivery, at the option of the Issuer 
or the Warrantholder, references herein to “Cash Settled Warrants” shall apply to the 
Warrants where settlement is to be by payment of a cash amount and references in the 
Conditions to “Physical Delivery Warrants” shall also apply to the Warrants where the 
Entitlement becomes deliverable and vice versa. 
(c) 
Settlement procedures 
(i) 
Cash Payments 
Each cash amount payable in respect of the Warrants will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant 
Settlement Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded 
upwards, with (a) Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder in respect 
of the same Actual Exercise Date and (b) Warrants held by the same Warrantholder on 
termination following the occurrence of an Early Termination Event being aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate cash amounts, including interest, payable in respect 
of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
Subject as provided herein, on each date on which such a cash amount, including interest, 
falls to be paid in respect of any Warrant, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay or cause 
to be paid the aggregate cash amounts due on such date (less any Exercise Expenses) (a) 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, to the relevant Common Depositary, or (b) in all other 
cases, to the account of the relevant Warrantholder specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
Any such payment to (i) a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, 
shall be made in accordance with the rules of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be; or (ii) to an account of the relevant Warrantholder specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice, shall be made in accordance with the rules of the relevant clearing system 
or institution where the account is held and which shall, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, 
be to an account denominated in Renminbi and maintained by the payee with an institution 
in a relevant RMB Settlement Centre. The Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear in respect of the amount so 
paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, as the holder of a particular number of the Warrants must look solely to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, for his share of each such 
payment so made by the Issuer to the Common Depositary. In the case of a payment 
pursuant to (b) above, the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the relevant clearing 
system or institution where the relevant account is held in respect of the amount so paid. The 
person shown as the relevant accountholder must look solely to the relevant clearing system 
or institution where the account is held for the payment made in respect of such payment so 
made by the Issuer. 
All payments will be subject, in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws, rules and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, (ii) the provisions of General Condition 12 and (iii) 
any withholding or deduction, including any such withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to Section 871(m) of the Code (“871(m) Withholding”) and, where payments are made in 
Renminbi, will be made in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines 
issued from time to time with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s). In addition, for the purposes of 871(m) Withholding with respect to any 
amounts to be paid on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend 
equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate 
applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for a payment expiration or earlier termination or 
exercise that is determined by reference to the value of an “underlying security” (as defined 
for the purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) (which, for avoidance of doubt, includes an 
index), all payments on such Warrants that reference such an underlying security (or index) 
will reflect the deemed reinvestment of any dividends paid over the term of the Warrant in 
respect of the number of shares of such underlying security to which the Warrant relates, net 
of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each such 
dividend (currently, 30 per cent.). In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, 
the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, the maximum 
amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to any dividend equivalent payments 
(as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant underlying securities. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m) of the Code.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery 
Subject as provided below, Physical Delivery Warrants or Units, as the case may be, which 
are either (i) exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder or (ii) held by the same 
Warrantholder at the time of early termination following the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Event will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, and such Actual 
Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, PROVIDED THAT the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Warrantholder and the same Actual Exercise 
Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be (or, if 
applicable, of the Substitute Asset or of each of the Substitute Assets, as the case may be), 
in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
If, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that 
“Aggregation of Entitlements” does not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each Warrant will 
be rounded up or down (as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be (or, if 
applicable, of the Substitute Asset or of each of the Substitute Assets, as the case may be), 
in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions (the “Fractional Entitlement”) of the Relevant Asset or of each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be (or, if applicable, of the Substitute Asset or of each of 
the Substitute Assets, as the case may be), will not be delivered. The Issuer shall pay to the 
relevant Warrantholder a cash amount in the Settlement Currency (to be paid at the same 
time as delivery of the Entitlement) equal to the Value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of such Fractional Entitlement, calculated as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Subject as provided herein and subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices (if 
applicable) and deduction of any Exercise Expenses with regard to the relevant Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be, the Issuer shall, on the relevant Settlement Date or Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, deliver, or procure the delivery of, the 
Entitlement for each duly exercised or terminated Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, 
pursuant to the details specified in the applicable Exercise Notice, and shall make or shall 
procure to arrange payment of any accrued interest. Subject as provided in this General 
Condition 5(c) and General Condition 5(d), the Entitlement shall be delivered, and the 
payment of any accrued interest shall be made, in such manner as set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Following exercise of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant or following the 
occurrence of an Early Termination Event in respect of a Warrant where the Early 
Termination Amount is the Entitlement, all dividends or other distributions (each a “dividend”) 
in respect of the Relevant Assets to be delivered together with, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, accrued interest will be payable to the Warrantholder, if such Warrantholder 
would have received such dividend following a sale of the Relevant Assets executed on the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or on the date of the occurrence of the Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, and to be delivered in the same manner as such Relevant Assets. 
Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder will be paid to the account specified by the 
Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in General Condition 6(a)(i)(H). 
All deliveries will be subject, in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of delivery, (ii) the provisions of General Condition 12 and (iii)

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
any 871(m) Withholding. In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding 
imposed with respect to any amounts to be delivered on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such delivery regardless of any exemption from, 
or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for a payment at expiration or earlier termination 
maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference to the value of an 
“underlying security” (as defined for the purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) (which, for 
avoidance of doubt, includes an index), all deliveries on such Warrants that reference such 
an underlying security (or index) will reflect the deemed reinvestment of any dividends paid 
over the term of the Warrant in respect of the number of shares of such underlying security 
to which the Warrant relates, net of the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would 
be applicable to each such dividend (currently, 30 per cent.). In such case, in calculating the 
relevant delivery amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed 
to withhold, the maximum amount of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the 
relevant underlying securities. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of amounts withheld under Section 871(m) of the Code.  
(iii) 
Settlement Disruption 
If following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of an Actual Exercise Date 
or following the occurrence of an Early Termination Event where the Early Termination 
Amount is the Entitlement in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the relevant 
Entitlement using the method of delivery specified, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event 
(as defined below) subsisting on any Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, 
as the case may be, then such Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the 
case may be, for such Warrants shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business 
Day in respect of which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, PROVIDED THAT the 
Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the 
case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may 
be, by delivering the relevant Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner 
as it may select, and in such event, the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or Early 
Termination Event, as the case may be, in such other commercially reasonable manner. For 
the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the relevant Settlement Date or Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, for the Relevant Assets not affected by 
the Settlement Disruption Event will be that originally designated Settlement Date or Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be. In the event that a Settlement Disruption 
Event will result in the delivery on the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, of some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising 
the Entitlement, the Calculation Agent shall, if applicable, determine the appropriate pro rata 
portion of the Exercise Price to be deducted from that partial settlement. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of an Actual Exercise Date or Early 
Termination Event, as the case may be, is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
Unit, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the 
case may be, by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement 
Price (as defined below) not later than the third Business Day following the date that notice 
of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such manner and subject 
to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. 
If the Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would otherwise have 
taken place as provided above, until delivery of the Entitlement is made to the Warrantholder, 
the Issuer or any person on behalf thereof shall continue to be the legal owner of the assets 
comprising the Entitlement. None of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Affiliate of either 
of them and any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery 
to such Warrantholder or any subsequent transferee any letter, certificate, notice, circular or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the 
holder of such assets, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or 
all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such assets until the date of delivery or (iii) be 
under any liability to such Warrantholder or any subsequent transferee in respect of any loss 
or damage which such Warrantholder or subsequent transferee may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such assets until 
the date of delivery. 
No Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, shall be the fair market value of the Entitlement (or, in the case of a Multiple Exercise 
Warrant, the Entitlement in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date) on a day selected 
by the Issuer (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but 
not all of the Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) comprising the Entitlement 
and such non-affected Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute Assets) have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute 
Assets)), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise 
Price (or, where, as provided above, some Relevant Assets (or, if applicable, Substitute 
Assets) have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata 
portion), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the 
Relevant Asset(s) (or, if applicable, Substitute Asset(s)) using the method specified, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement and shall include, but shall 
not be limited to, (i) a failure by the Warrantholder to obtain any requisite approval from the 
applicable regulatory authorities necessary for settlement of the Warrants by way of physical 
delivery and (ii) the Issuer not being able to effect physical delivery of the Relevant Asset(s)

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
(or if applicable, Substitute Asset(s)) due to U.S. Securities law issues or other applicable 
laws of any other relevant jurisdiction or otherwise. 
(iv) 
Any Exercise Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants shall be borne by the relevant 
Warrantholder and shall be deducted by the Issuer from any cash amount owing to such 
Warrantholder and paid by the Issuer on behalf of the Warrantholder. 
The Issuer may convert such amount of the Entitlement into cash sufficient to cover the 
Exercise Expenses in respect of the relevant Warrant from which the Issuer shall deduct such 
Exercise Expenses. The Issuer’s obligation in respect of each Warrant will be satisfied in 
relation to the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, by delivery of the remaining Entitlement in respect of such Warrant and, if applicable, 
payment of a cash amount in respect of any Fractional Entitlement. 
(d) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants which are Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants or Mutual Fund Warrants or Debt Warrants, “Failure to Deliver” is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and, following the exercise of such Warrants on 
an Actual Exercise Date or the termination of such Warrants following an Early Termination Event, 
it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some 
or all of the Relevant Assets or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, (the “Affected Relevant 
Assets”) comprising the Entitlement relating to such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the 
Relevant Assets or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, as the case may be, (a “Failure to 
Deliver”), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions, any Relevant Assets or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on 
the originally designated Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the 
case may be, in accordance with Settlement on Exercise Condition 2 or General Condition 
4(B)(ii), as the case may be, and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price to be deducted from that partial 
settlement; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, and such Actual Exercise Date 
or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Warrantholder 
of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day 
following the date that notice of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 11. Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in such 
manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 11. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 11 that the provisions of 
this Condition 4(D) apply. If the Issuer does not so elect, the provisions of Condition 4(C)(ii) 
shall apply. 
(e) 
Variation of Settlement 
Without prejudice to the payment of any accrued interest, if any, in relation only to any issue of 
Warrants represented by a Permanent Global Warrant, if the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the Warrants, following any valid exercise 
of Warrants in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may in respect of each such Warrant or,

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit and any Actual Exercise Date, elect 
in relation to such Actual Exercise Date not to pay the relevant Warrantholders the Cash Settlement 
Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof, to deliver or procure 
delivery of the relevant Entitlement or make payment of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount on 
the relevant Settlement Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be. Notification of any 
such election will be given to Warrantholders no later than 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the second 
Business Day following the relevant Actual Exercise Date. 
(f) 
Issuer’s Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
In relation to Warrants other than Gilt Warrants, following a valid exercise of Warrants on an Actual 
Exercise Date or an early termination of Warrants following an Early Termination Event in 
accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer may, in respect of such Warrants, if the Calculation 
Agent determines: 
(i) 
that the Entitlement (or part thereof) comprises securities which are not freely tradeable; or 
(ii) 
that any applicable laws and securities regulations and/or the Issuer’s internal policies, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, do not permit settlement of the Entitlement or it is 
otherwise impossible or impracticable to do so, 
elect in relation to such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, either 
(i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof) an equivalent value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of such other securities which the Calculation Agent determines are freely 
tradeable (the “Substitute Asset” or the “Substitute Assets”, as the case may be) or (ii) not to 
deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement (or part thereof) or the Substitute Asset or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, relating to such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination 
Event, as the case may be, to the relevant Warrantholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to 
the relevant Warrantholders on the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, 
as the case may be, of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Entitlement (or part thereof) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate (the “Alternate Cash Amount”). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Warrantholders no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the second Business Day following the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be. 
AS AT THE ISSUE DATE, APPLICABLE LAWS AND SECURITIES REGULATIONS WITHIN ANY 
RELEVANT JURISDICTION MAY NOT PERMIT PHYSICAL DELIVERY BY THE ISSUER OF THE 
ENTITLEMENT TO WARRANTHOLDERS, WHETHER WITHIN OR ELSEWHERE AND ANY 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND SECURITIES REGULATIONS, AS DETERMINED BY THE 
CALCULATION AGENT, MAY NOT PERMIT SETTLEMENT OF THE ENTITLEMENT. 
For purposes hereof, a “freely tradeable share” shall mean (i) in relation to the United States, a 
security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and 
which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased from an affiliate of the 
issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradeable security for 
purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) in relation 
to any other jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such 
jurisdictions. 
(g) 
General 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” and related expressions shall be construed to 
apply to any such Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with the above

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
provisions. In relation to Multiple Exercise Warrants, the expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” 
and related expressions shall be construed to apply to such Warrants in relation to each Actual 
Exercise Date. 
The Calculation Agent and the Principal Warrant Agent shall be held responsible for any errors or 
omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount, Early Termination Amount or of any 
Entitlement only if, and insofar as, they fail to act with the diligence of a conscientious businessman. 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of 
voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset.  
All references in this Condition to “Luxembourg or Brussels time” shall, where Warrants are 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, refer as appropriate to the time in the 
city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
(h) 
RMB Disruption Event 
If “RMB Disruption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the 
occurrence of an RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following 
actions: 
(i) 
the relevant payment or delivery obligation of the Issuer or, as the case may be, of the 
CGMFL Guarantor be postponed to the tenth Business Day after the date on which the RMB 
Disruption Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be 
commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter; 
(ii) 
that any of the obligations to pay Renminbi under the Warrants, including any cash amounts 
due in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants or any other relevant Renminbi amount(s) 
determined pursuant to the Conditions be replaced by an obligation to pay an amount in the 
Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date; 
and 
(iii) 
by giving notice to the Warrantholder(s) in accordance with General Condition 11, cancel the 
Warrants. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in 
respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit as 
the case may be, held by such holder, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements but taking into 
account, if already paid and applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (for the avoidance of doubt, such amount may be determined and paid in 
the Relevant Currency). 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as 
practicable, to the holder(s) stating the occurrence of the RMB Disruption Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Where Realisation Disruption and/or any Additional Disruption Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and an event occurs that could be a Realisation 
Disruption and/or an Additional Disruption Event or, alternatively, also be an RMB Disruption 
Event, the above RMB Disruption Event provisions will prevail. 
6 
Exercise and termination procedure 
(a) 
Exercise Notice

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
In respect of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, held by a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, (i) such Warrants may only be exercised by and/or (ii) 
a Warrantholder holding such Warrants may only receive any Early Termination Amounts in respect 
of such Warrants following, the delivery, or the sending in text form, of an exercise notice (an 
“Exercise Notice”) completed substantially in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of 
which form may be obtained from Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and the Principal Warrant 
Agent during normal office hours) to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, 
with a copy to the Principal Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in General 
Condition 5 and this Condition. 
(i) 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants the subject of 
the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(B) 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, specify the number 
of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to be debited (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final 
Settlement Date only) with the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the subject of 
the Exercise Notice; 
(C) 
in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, irrevocably instruct 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date (in the case of Multiple Exercise Warrants, on the final Settlement 
Date only) or, the Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, the 
Warrantholder’s account with the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the subject 
of the Exercise Notice;  
(D) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global 
Warrant, held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited with the relevant Cash 
Settlement Amount or Early Termination Amount as the case may be, (if any) for each 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(E) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, include an undertaking to pay all Exercise 
Expenses and in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a 
Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, an 
authority to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to deduct an 
amount sufficient to pay the Exercise Expenses from any Cash Settlement Amount or 
Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, due to such Warrantholder in respect 
of such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, and to 
pay such Exercise Expenses;  
(F) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear, irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, to debit on the relevant Actual Exercise Date or prior to the Early 
Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, a specified account of the 
Warrantholder with Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, with 
the aggregate Exercise Prices (if applicable) in respect of such Warrants or Units, as

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or the Early Termination 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, (together with any other amounts payable); 
(G) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include an authority to the Issuer either to 
deduct from any cash amount owing to the Warrantholder an amount sufficient to pay 
such Exercise Expenses and to pay on behalf of the Warrantholder such Exercise 
Expenses or to convert such amount of the Entitlement due to be delivered to such 
Warrantholder as is necessary to pay Exercise Expenses and to pay on behalf of the 
Warrantholder such Exercise Expenses, as referred to in General Condition 5(c)(iv) 
above; 
(H) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include such details as are required by the 
applicable Issue Terms for delivery of the relevant Entitlement which may include 
account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of such Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to 
whom documents evidencing such Entitlement are to be delivered and in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, held by a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, specify the name and the number of the 
Warrantholder’s account with Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect of any 
cash amount constituting such Entitlement or the Fractional Entitlement (if applicable) 
or any dividends or other distributions relating to such Entitlement or as a result of the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer electing to pay the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price or as a result of the occurrence of a Failure to Deliver 
and the Issuer electing to pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price or as a result of 
the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be; 
(I) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants which are Currency Warrants only, specify 
the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, to be credited with the amount due upon exercise or termination 
of the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect of such Actual Exercise Date 
or Early Termination Event, as the case may be; 
(J) 
certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant that the 
Warrantholder and the beneficial owner of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, 
the subject of the Exercise Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise 
Notice) or as otherwise defined in the applicable Issue Terms and, where appropriate, 
undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling restrictions 
under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of America as 
indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(K) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
(ii) 
If General Condition 5(e) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be 
different from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and the Principal Warrant Agent during normal office hours. 
(b) 
Verification of the Warrantholder

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as the 
accountholder is the Warrantholder of the Warrants referred to therein according to the books of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be. Subject thereto, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, will confirm to the Principal Warrant Agent the Series 
number and the number of Warrants the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the 
account details for the payment of any cash amounts payable in respect of the Warrants or, as the 
case may be, the details for the delivery of the Entitlement or any other asset(s) in respect of each 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice. Upon receipt of such 
confirmation, the Principal Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, will on or before the Settlement Date (or in the case of Multiple 
Exercise Warrants, the final Settlement Date) or the Early Termination Settlement Date or any other 
date specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, as the case may be, debit the account of the relevant 
Warrantholder with the Warrants the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
Upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Global Warrant held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the case may be, the Common 
Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf, of the Principal Warrant Agent, note such 
exercise on the Schedule to such Global Warrant, held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the case may be, and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be 
made by, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as 
the case may be, and the Principal Warrant Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject 
as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which 
is not copied to the Principal Warrant Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, as provided in paragraph (a) above, 
shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, in consultation with the Principal Warrant Agent, it shall be 
deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, and copied to the Principal Warrant 
Agent. 
If an Early Termination Event occurs, if (a) any Warrantholder fails to deliver an Exercise 
Notice, in the manner set out herein or fails to send a copy to the Principal Warrant Agent as 
set out herein on or prior to the day that is 180 calendar days after the Termination Cut-off 
Date or (b) either an Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
(in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear), or the copy thereof is received by the 
Principal Warrant Agent, in each case, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar 
days after the relevant Termination Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall be discharged from its 
obligations in respect of such Warrant in relation to such Early Termination Event, and the 
relevant Early Termination Amount and shall have no further obligation or liability 
whatsoever in respect thereof.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice without undue delay if it has 
been determined as provided above that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. 
The Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
Euroclear shall be held responsible by any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Warrantholder only if, and insofar as, the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Principal Warrant 
Agent, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may be, fails to act with the diligence 
of a conscientious businessman. 
(d) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an irrevocable 
election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified on such Actual Exercise 
Date. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to a Multiple Exercise Warrant) the 
relevant Warrantholder may not transfer the Warrants the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of a Multiple Exercise Warrant in relation to an 
Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising Warrantholder may 
not transfer such Warrant until after the Settlement Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of a Multiple Exercise Warrant in relation to the final 
Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(e) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise and termination of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices 
in force on the relevant Exercise Date or the date on which the Early Termination Event occurs, as 
the case may be, and none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Principal Warrant Agent 
shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using 
all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the Principal Warrant Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any 
acts or defaults of Clearstream, Luxembourg, or Euroclear in relation to the performance of its duties 
in relation to the Warrants. 
7 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
This paragraph (a) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise Date, or, in the 
case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on any Actual 
Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum 
Exercise Number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of 
the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to 
exercise Warrants in breach of this General Condition shall, unless the Issuer otherwise decides 
be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise Date 
by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the 
Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the 
“Quota”), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, 
selected by the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Business Days 
until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that 
the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the 
Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of 
Warrants are exercised on the same day by Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in respect 
of such Warrants shall be at the reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants and Multiple Exercise Warrants 
This paragraph (b) applies only to European Style Warrants and Multiple Exercise Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date, or in the case of 
Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date, in each case, as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise 
Number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants 
in breach of this provision shall, unless the Issuer otherwise decides, be void and of no effect. 
8 
Illegality, Section 871(m) Event or Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event in 
relation to the Warrants 
If the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, determines that:  
(a) 
the performance of its obligations under the Warrants or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case 
may be, has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason; or  
(b) 
that either (i) a Section 871(m) Event occurs or (ii) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event has 
occurred, in either case, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms,  
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Warrants, then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay 
to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each Unit, as the case may be, held by such holder, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, notwithstanding the relevant illegality (if applicable), on a day selected by the 
Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging or funding arrangements but taking into account, if already paid and if 
applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment will be made in 
such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11. 
9 
Purchases 
Any of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries or Affiliates may, but is not 
obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. 
Any Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation, however, Warrants so 
purchased may only be resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Regulation S or otherwise thereunder.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
10 Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
(a) 
Principal Warrant Agent and Authentication Agent 
The specified offices of the Principal Warrant Agent and the Authentication Agent are as set out in 
General Condition 24. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal 
Warrant Agent or the Authentication Agent (as the case may be) and to appoint further or additional 
Warrant Agents and Authentication Agents (as the case may be), PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
no termination of appointment of the Principal Warrant Agent shall become effective until a 
replacement Principal Warrant Agent with a specified office outside the United Kingdom shall have 
been appointed; and  
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Authentication Agent. 
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of the Principal 
Warrant Agent and the Authentication Agent will be given to Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11. In acting under the Warrant Agreement, the Principal Warrant Agent and the 
Authentication Agent each acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation 
or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders and any 
determinations and calculations made in respect of the Warrants by the Principal Warrant Agent 
and the Authentication Agent shall (save in the case of manifest or proven error) be final, conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent PROVIDED THAT there will at all times be a Calculation Agent. Notice of the termination of 
appointment will be given to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. In relation to 
each issue of Warrants, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the Issuer or another entity) acts solely 
as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency 
or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. All discretions exercised and calculations and determinations 
made in respect of the Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall be made in its reasonable discretion 
(§ 317 BGB) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall (save in the case of 
manifest or proven error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders and 
the Calculation Agent shall be held responsible by any person for any errors or omissions in (a) 
calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the Warrants or (b) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent only if, and insofar as, the Calculation Agent fails to 
act with the diligence of a conscientious businessman. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be 
decided by reference to the Issuer’s, the Calculation Agent’s or such other person’s opinion in its 
absolute discretion or otherwise), unless otherwise expressly stated herein or, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement, that matter shall be determined, considered, 
elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB) 
and by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (§ 317 BGB), each in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
(d) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Warrants as provided herein, each of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take into account such factors 
as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or 
events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements entered into by a 
Hedging Party in respect of the Warrants. The exercise of the Issuer’s and/or the Calculation Agent’s 
and/or such other person’s discretion in respect of the Warrants as provided herein are necessary 
because certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or disruption to an 
Underlying to which the Warrants are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Warrants 
which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Warrants or 
relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the 
pricing of the Warrants. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability 
or disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise 
appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in connection with the 
Warrants to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 10, “hedging arrangements” means the arrangements, if any, 
the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or delivered 
under the Warrants as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing directly in an 
Underlying. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect investment by entering into or 
acquiring a derivative contract referencing an Underlying. Such hedging arrangements may be 
carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains arrangements for hedging 
the Warrants together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates). A Hedging Party will 
seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory 
and business environment in which it operates, but will do so without having regard to the interests 
of Warrantholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but 
will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its hedging 
arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into 
any hedging arrangements and, if any hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements 
will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Warrantholder and no Warrantholder will have 
recourse to any such hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Calculation Agent will employ the methodology described in the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the 
Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant information, which 
may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information 
sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one or 
more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, 
yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data in the 
relevant market; or

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any 
Affiliates of the Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by the Calculation 
Agent in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide 
issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation 
Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Warrants 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity 
or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
(g) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility 
The Calculation Agent makes no express or implied representations or warranties as to (i) the 
advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the Warrants, (ii) the value of the Warrants at 
any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Warrantholders for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, 
consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if notified of the possibility of 
such damages. 
(h) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of Warrants 
including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any 
Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for example, 
as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the 
Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Warrants or any Underlying and 
as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent 
and its and/or its Affiliates’ interests in other capacities. Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither 
the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Warrants shall owe any duty or responsibility 
to any Warrantholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Warrantholder. 
(i) 
Modifications 
(i) 
If the Conditions of the Warrants contain manifest typographical, calculation or any similar 
manifest errors or misspellings, the Issuer shall be entitled to correct such errors or misspellings 
without obtaining the Warrantholders’ consent, provided that such correction, taking into account 
the Issuer’s interests, can reasonably be assumed to be acceptable to the Warrantholders and, in 
particular, does not materially adversely affect the Warrantholders’ legal and financial position. 
Any such correction shall be announced to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
(ii) 
Any other inconsistencies or omissions in the Conditions of the Warrants or in individual provisions 
of the Conditions of the Warrants may be corrected or supplemented by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 315 BGB). However, only such correction or supplement shall be 
permitted as – taking into account the Issuer’s interests – can reasonably be assumed to be 
acceptable to the Warrantholders and, in particular, do not materially adversely affect the 
Warrantholders’ legal and financial position. Any such correction or supplement shall be 
announced to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer corrects or supplements any provision of the Conditions of the Warrants in accordance 
with this General Condition (I) and announces such correction or supplement to the

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
Warrantholders, each Warrantholder may within three (3) weeks of the relevant announcement 
declare the Warrants held by him to be forthwith due and payable if such correction or supplement 
results in the Issuer’s performance obligations being changed in a way that materially adversely 
affects the Warrantholder. The Issuer shall inform the Warrantholders of their right to declare their 
Warrants be due and payable when announcing the correction or supplement. If the Warrants are 
declared to be due and payable, they shall be redeemed at the Issue Price. 
(iv) 
Manifest typographical and calculation errors or misspellings and similar manifest errors in 
Conditions of the Warrants shall entitle the Issuer to a right of avoidance (Anfechtung) vis-à-vis 
the Warrantholders. Such right of avoidance may only be exercised consistently vis-à-vis all 
Warrantholders and without undue delay after having become aware of the relevant reason 
entitling to the right of avoidance. The right of avoidance shall be exercised by announcement in 
accordance with General Condition 11. 
11 Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders shall be valid if delivered (i) in the case of Warrants represented by a Global 
Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, and (ii) if and so long as the Warrants are admitted to trading 
and/or listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such delivery or, if earlier, the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
12 Expenses and Taxation 
(a) 
A Warrantholder must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to such Warrants as provided above. 
(b) 
Neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any Taxes or 
other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise, termination or 
enforcement of any Warrant by any person. The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor shall have the right, 
but not the duty, to withhold or deduct from all payments and/or deliveries made by the Issuer and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor such amount as is necessary (i) for the payment of any such Taxes or other payment 
which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted or (ii) for effecting reimbursement to the 
Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor for any payment by it of any Taxes, withholding or other payment referred 
to in this General Condition 12. 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of Warrantholders, to create and issue 
further Warrants which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Warrants and (ii) are identical in all respects with such Warrants (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
14 Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 14 (Substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor) applies to a substitution, 
at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders, of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), provided that such substitution is subject to satisfaction

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
of the conditions for substitution set out in General Conditions 14(b) (Additional Requirements) and 14(c) 
(General Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Additional requirements 
All of the Additional Requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place pursuant to 
this General Condition 14: 
For the purposes of this General Condition 14(b), "Additional Requirements" means the application of 
each of the following requirements 
(A) 
save where the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the 
"Original Entity") is subject to legal restructuring (including without limitation voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous 
proceedings), the Original Entity shall unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of 
the Substitute arising from the Conditions in relation to the Warrants; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both (I) the Substitute is 
an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, on the date of such substitution, shall 
demonstrate a long term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised credit rating 
agency active in the international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) 
which is at least as high as that of the Original Entity;  
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in relation to any 
additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Noteholders due to differences between the 
regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the Original Entity and the Substitute, in each case which 
arise and become payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the 
Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; or (II) no occurrence 
of an event which remains in existence on such date which, in the absence of the relevant grace 
period, would otherwise constitute an Event of Default, in relation to the Warrants. 
(c) 
General Conditions of Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place pursuant to this 
General Condition 14: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, the Warrants 
or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Warrant Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer having obtained (a) legal opinions from independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substitute and England that the 
obligations of the Substitute, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, under the Warrants or, in 
the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, are 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute and (b) in the case of the substitution of the 
Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal 
adviser in England, that the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute (provided that no opinion 
as referred to in this sub-paragraph (b) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL 
Guarantor with respect to Warrants issued by CGMFL); 
(iv) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and, that the Substitute and the 
Warrants comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the CEA; 
(v) 
each substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Warrants are 
listed confirming that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Warrants will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vi) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Warrants; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, giving notice of the date of such 
substitution to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 14 the Substitute may, without the consent of 
any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in General Condition 14 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions to the Issuer or CGMFL Guarantor, as 
the case may be, shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to 
any such further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Guarantor may be a 
Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 14, any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
For the avoidance of doubt, CGMFL may be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this 
General Condition albeit that it is the CGMFL Guarantor without there being any breach of the 
Conditions which shall be construed accordingly. 
(iv) 
For so long as any Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be notified 
of any such substitution and the requirements of any such stock exchange in respect of such 
substitution shall be complied with (including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 14 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as transferee as part of any resolution, 
restructuring, or reorganization of the CGMFL Guarantor upon or following the CGMFL Guarantor 
becoming subject to any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 14 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil code, the 
Warrantholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Warrants, are expressly deemed to 
have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in accordance with this General Condition 
14 and to the release of CGMFL from any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
15 Presentation periods, Prescription

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
The period for presentation of the Securities (§ 801, Paragraph (1), Sentence 1 BGB) shall be 10 (ten) 
years and the period of limitation for claims under the Securities presented during the period for 
presentation shall be 2 (two) years calculated from the expiry of the relevant presentation period. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Place of performance is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. Non-exclusive place of 
jurisdiction shall be Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (the “Companies Act 1915”) are excluded. In addition, no 
Warrantholder may initiate proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 
1915. 
EACH WARRANTHOLDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES 
(TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY 
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH, THE WARRANTS OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE 
OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR 
ACTIONS OF THE WARRANTHOLDERS. 
17 Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(i) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal 
 
Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
(each, a “U.S. Special Resolution Regime”), the transfer of the Warrants (where the Warrants are 
 
Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMFL) the CGMFL 
 
Deed of Guarantee (together, the “Relevant Agreements”) (and the transfer of any interest and 
 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements), from the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
 
applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. 
 
Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and obligation in or under 
 
the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
 
States; and  
(ii) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their affiliates (as such term is defined in, 
 
and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 United States Code (“U.S.C.”) 1841(k)) becomes 
 
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer or 
 
the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime 
 
if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
 
States.  
For purposes of this paragraph “default right” has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be 
interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations (“C.F.R.”) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 
C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and “Covered Instrument” refers to any Warrant issued under this program 
that falls within the definition of a “qualified financial contract” as such term is defined in, and as 
interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
18 Realisation Disruption 
If “Realisation Disruption” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the occurrence 
and/or continuation of any Realisation Disruption Event on or before the date on which the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of the Warrants have been discharged, the Issuer may either (A) direct the 
Calculation Agent to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Warrants (including 
any payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic effect of 
the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (B) cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will 
pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him, an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates of unwinding any relevant Hedging Positions, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11. 
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (a) payments under 
the Warrants in the currency (the “Local Currency”) in which the Hedging Positions are denominated or 
payable rather than the Settlement Currency, (b) deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, 
charge or deduction from the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Warrants or delivery of 
any Entitlement being subject to payment by the relevant Warrantholder of an amount equal to a pro rata 
portion of any such tax, charge or deduction, (c) non-payment of the relevant payment or non-delivery of 
the relevant Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant Warrants until the relevant restrictions (including 
but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or 
(d) determination of any relevant exchange rate by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all 
available information that it deems relevant and/or (e) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash 
amounts in respect of the Warrants, physical delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) PROVIDED THAT such Underlying(s) 
may be subject to transfer restrictions and additional certifications may be required from the 
Warrantholders. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Upon the occurrence of a Realisation Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Realisation 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in securities, 
futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; (ii) stock loan 
transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging 
Party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants. 
“Realisation Disruption Event” means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(a) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by any applicable 
governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by any Hedging Party in any Hedging 
Positions held by any Hedging Party such that: 
(i) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to purchase, sell or 
otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, continue or otherwise complete such

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
transactions) and/or is or would be materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its 
obligations in respect of any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants 
and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its obligations under any 
Hedging Positions; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under 
the Warrants and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(b) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any restrictions or any 
charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, judicial or regulatory body): 
(i) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or convert the Local 
Currency for the Settlement Currency or the Settlement Currency for the Local Currency through 
the customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver the Settlement Currency or the Local Currency 
and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the Hedging Position (or any transaction relating to a Hedging 
Position) between (x) accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the “Local Jurisdiction”) 
and any accounts in the jurisdiction of the Settlement Currency or (y) to or from a party that is a 
non-resident of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of the 
Settlement Currency; and/or 
(ii) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from transferring amounts payable 
under any Hedging Position or in respect of the Warrants between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and 
the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of the Settlement Currency and the 
jurisdiction of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(iii) 
such that the Calculation Agent’s ability to determine a rate at which the Local Currency can be 
exchanged for the Settlement Currency (or vice versa), for any reason becomes restricted, or such 
determination is otherwise impracticable or such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to “materially restricted”, “materially increased” and “material” and any 
determination in respect “materially” or “material” in respect of any such provision shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems appropriate. 
19 Administrator/Benchmark Event 
This General Condition 19 (the “Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions”) shall apply if 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (if 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in 
General Condition 21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) and (if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms) the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 20 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
In the event that this General Condition 19 applies and an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustment(s) may (i) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (ii) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect 
of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of 
the Warrants and (iii) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments 
to the terms of the Warrants including, where applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
providing exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of 
a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, taking into account the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of 
the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Warrants. In the event that, under any such terms, any other consequences could apply in relation to an 
event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which 
terms shall apply in its discretion. 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants or (3) save where the Issue 
Terms specify that “Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))” is not applicable, it is not commercially 
reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the Warrants as a result of 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold 
a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants and for any reason 
such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of 
the administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer 
representative or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any 
relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
“Benchmark” means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Warrants, 
or the value of the Warrants, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect of the 
Warrants.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
20 Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This General Condition 20 (the “Reference Rate Event Provisions”) shall apply if “Reference Rate Event 
Provisions” are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 
21 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance. 
(a) 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate in relation to the relevant Warrants, 
the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
 
(a) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate; and 
(b) 
determine such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Warrants, 
 
provided that, as an alternative to the procedure described in subparagraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above, the 
Calculation may instead: (i) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the 
terms of the Warrants are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event (such determination being 
a "No Adjustment Determination"); or (ii) make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Warrants as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the "RRE 
Adjustments"). 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Warrants, as applicable, (i) 
a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the Warrants or (ii) the 
relevant RRE Adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by 
it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective date for the relevant replacement and 
amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders 
of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
If, 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any RRE Adjustments; 
or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a 
Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to calculate 
an Adjustment Spread,

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, 
as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, taking into account the Material Change Event 
Trigger, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and 
if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made 
in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
References to "Reference Rate" will, where appropriate, include any related component rate, tenor or 
compounded index rate. 
(b) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become effective 
pursuant to General Condition 20(a) above, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination 
in respect of the Warrants and at that time, no replacement or amendments have occurred in accordance 
with General Condition 20(a) and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for 
the Warrants to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to use 
the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants, the level of 
the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent for the Warrants to reference 
the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Warrants, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute 
or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or successor 
rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the Reference Rate was 
published or was permitted to be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation (the “Last 
Permitted Rate”)  or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate 
is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine 
such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in 
order to reflect the replacement of the Reference Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above only, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above 
and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the 
Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Warrantholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Definitions

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the 
Issuer to the Warrantholders or (ii) the Warrantholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any 
such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation 
event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such Reference Rate (howsoever described under 
the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer 
of economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement 
Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative 
or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology.  
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
“Interpolated Reference Rate” with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate for the longest 
period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the 
Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is longer than the 
Corresponding Tenor. 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of the relevant Reference Rate, the 
first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
“Reference Rate Event” means: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference Rate has 
occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision 
of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there is no successor administrator or 
provider that will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or (C) a regulator or other official sector 
entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference 
Rate in respect of the Warrants or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants 
which are derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the relevant 
Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate has not been, or will 
not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Warrants; 
(iii) save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that “Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))” is not 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that it is not commercially reasonable to continue the 
use of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the Warrants as a result of any applicable 
licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation or any other entity is required to hold 
a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants and for any

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change 
in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(iv) the Calculation Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional 
or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or another official body with applicable responsibility 
announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative, of any underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended 
to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or  
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-counter 
derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will be replaced with a replacement 
rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible 
for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working 
group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for the currency in which the 
Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those 
central banks or other supervisors, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or other 
price source or rate that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative 
for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate must be any of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current Reference 
Rate; or 
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for calculating 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may be formally designated, 
nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body, (b) the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other relevant trade association, working group, 
task-force or committee to replace the Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged 
as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (I) 
a publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee, or (II) a 
press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) (a “Post-nominated Replacement Reference Rate”); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
21 USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
This General Condition 21 (the “USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions”) shall apply if the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.  
(a) USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to any date on which a USD Benchmark is required to be determined under 
the terms of the Warrants that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date (each, as defined below) have occurred with respect to a USD Benchmark, then(subject as 
provided in paragraph (c) (Interim Adjustments) below) the provisions set forth below under paragraph 
(b) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) (the “Benchmark Transition Provisions”) below will 
apply. 
(b) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the USD Benchmark on any date, then (subject as provided in paragraph (c) 
(Interim Adjustments) below), the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current USD 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Warrants in respect of such determination on such 
date and all determinations on all subsequent dates (including without limitation, the 
determination of any amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants determined by 
reference to the then current USD Benchmark). 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, any determination, decision or election 
that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions 
described herein, including without limitation any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error, will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, shall become effective without consent from the 
Warrantholders or any other party.  
(iv) 
Notification of Warrantholders 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined the Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes for purposes of the Warrants, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above and 
the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination, decision or election as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Date. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to 
notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of any such determination will 
not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any replacement or adjustments having occurred 
pursuant to paragraph (b) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), a USD Benchmark is required for any 
determination in respect of the Warrants and, at the time of the relevant determination, a Benchmark 
Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made in accordance with paragraph (b)

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and: 
(a) 
if such USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Warrants to reference such USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent to use such USD Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Warrants, such USD Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that 
would apply to the determination of such USD Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition 
Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if such USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent for the Warrants to 
reference such USD Benchmark or for any such entity to use such USD Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants, such USD Benchmark shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for USD LIBOR of the 
relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a 
commercially reasonable alternative to such USD Benchmark, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If such USD Benchmark is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the 
Calculation Agent may make such other amendments to the Warrants which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate to reflect the adoption of such substituted or successor rate. 
If the Calculation Agent determines such USD Benchmark in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above 
only, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it and the action that it 
proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders thereof 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). Failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Warrantholders of any 
such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(d) Definitions 
As used in this General Condition 21: 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current USD 
Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD Benchmark; provided that if the 
Calculation Agent cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, 
then “Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(v) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation Agent 
as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
the then-current USD Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current USD Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, without limitation, changes to the 
determination of valuation dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the 
then-current USD Benchmark:  
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(y) the date on which the administrator of the USD Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of 
(x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (y) the 
date on which the USD Benchmark ceases to be representative by reference to the most recent 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein or, if earlier, the date the USD 
Benchmark is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the USD 
Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the USD 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the USD 
Benchmark;

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the USD Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the USD Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the USD Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any underlying market and 
economic reality that such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
“Compounded SOFR” means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate being established by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; provided that: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) above then the rate, or methodology for this rate, 
and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate securities at such time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR shall exclude the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current USD Benchmark. 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the USD Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the USD Benchmark for the longest 
period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the 
USD Benchmark for the shortest period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is longer than the 
Corresponding Tenor 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be 
determined in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the USD Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
Relevant ISDA Definitions to be effective in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark means (1) if the USD 
Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such determination, and (2) if the USD

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Relevant ISDA Definitions” means any of (i) the 2006 Definitions or (ii) the 2021 Definitions or (iii) any 
successor definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, in each case, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent as most appropriate at the relevant time by reference to the hedging arrangements 
for the Warrants. Where relevant, the Calculation Agent may also, but is not required to, determine by 
reference to such hedging arrangements that one or more supplements, amendments or updates for 
interest rates derivatives in respect of the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, as applicable, applies 
as an integral part of the Relevant ISDA Definitions. 
“SOFR” with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate, (or a successor administrator) on 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website. 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on 
SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.  
“USD Benchmark” means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR 
or the then-current USD Benchmark, then USD Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement 
“USD LIBOR” means the London inter-bank offered rate for deposits in USD. 
21A Adjustments 
(a) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the General Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or factor, 
however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the 
provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 21, the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions set out in General Condition 20 and the redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General Condition 19: 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market); 
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any 
time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related payment 
dates and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the 
application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in 
the relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (iii) adjustments to reflect any 
increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s); and

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective dates, may 
but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is determined 
on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, unless 
the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this General Condition 21A 
(Adjustments), the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination in 
relation to the General Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination would 
fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate is no longer used as an interest rate for purposes 
of the Warrants and (ii) the maturity, termination or expiry of the Warrants. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this General 
Condition 21A (Adjustments), the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or 
adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Warrants as are provided for in connection with a 
Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence 
of an event that causes the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in 
Underlying Schedule 12 to apply (a "Substitute or Successor Rate Event"), as applicable, 
notwithstanding that such Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark 
Event or Substitute or Successor Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the 
Warrants. 
(b) No duty to monitor  
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions set out in General Condition 21, the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General 
Condition 20 and the redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out 
in General Condition 19, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to monitor or 
enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has occurred to which 
such provisions might apply. 
(c) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine and 
calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in accordance with 
the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 21, the Reference Rate Event Provisions 
set out in General Condition 20 and the provisions in respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set 
out in Underlying Schedule 12, the redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provisions set out in General Condition 19 (each a “Reference Rate Fallback Provision”) (or it would be 
unlawful were a determination to be made at that time); or (b) it would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements to determine a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at that time); or (c) the Calculation Agent determines that 
an adjustment spread (however described in the Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, 
then the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or adjustment and may 
instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines appropriate. 
22 Adjustments for European Monetary Union

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders, on giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11: 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the Warrants shall 
be redenominated in euro; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Warrants is the National Currency Unit of a country which 
is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Settlement 
Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original Settlement 
Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as 
the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent, and as may be specified in 
the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments in respect of the Warrants will be made 
solely in euro as though references in the Warrants to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(ii) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions are expressed in or, in the 
case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the “Original 
Currency”) of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed 
to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case may be, 
into euro at the Established Rate; and 
(iii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after consultation 
with the Calculation Agent, to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments 
expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the Calculation Agent may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Weighting and/or the Settlement Price 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the 
Authentication Agent and the Principal Warrant Agent shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other person 
for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any 
currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith, provided that the aforementioned 
limitations shall not apply to the Issuer in respect of liabilities for damages caused by the Issuer or its 
agents (Erfüllungsgehilfen) intentionally (vorsätzlich) or gross negligent (grob fahrlässig). 
23 Listing of Warrants 
In respect of Warrants which are to be listed on a stock exchange, market or quotation system, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable endeavours to have such Warrants approved for listing on the relevant stock 
exchange, market or quotation system and to maintain such listing so long as any of such Warrants are 
outstanding, PROVIDED THAT: 
(a) 
if it is impracticable or unduly burdensome, in the opinion of the Issuer acting in good faith, to maintain 
such listing, or 
(b) 
if the maintenance of the listing of the Warrants has, in the opinion of the Issuer, become unduly onerous 
for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to, (i) the need for the Issuer and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor to meet the requirements of (x) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
trading or (y) of Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
harmonisation of transparency requirements with regard to information about issuers whose securities 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market (which test, for the avoidance of doubt but without limitation, 
would be satisfied if the Issuer would be required to publish financial information according to accounting 
principles or standards that are materially different from United States generally accepted accounting 
principles) or (ii) the need for the Issuer and/or the CGMFL Guarantor to comply with any continuing 
obligation of the relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system, 
then the Issuer may apply to the relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system to de-list such 
Warrants from such stock exchange, market or quotation system in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange, market or quotation system PROVIDED THAT it shall use all reasonable 
endeavours to obtain and maintain as soon as reasonably practicable after such de-listing an alternative 
admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of the relevant Warrants by an appropriate stock exchange, 
market or quotation system within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, such admission to listing, trading and/or quotation on an appropriate stock 
exchange, market or quotation system is not available or if obtaining or maintaining such admission would 
be, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable or unduly burdensome, the Issuer shall not be required to 
obtain such admission and shall have no further obligation to obtain or maintain any listing, trading and/or 
quotation for the relevant Warrants. 
24 Specified Offices of the Principal Warrant Agent and Authentication Agent 
Principal Warrant Agent 
Citibank Europe PLC  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland  
 
Authentication Agent 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
SECTION E.3 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1  
INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants or Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being an “Index” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined in this 
Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Indices. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meaning given to them in the 
General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to an Index, any Additional Disruption Event(s) specified for such 
Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index, any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any of China Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect 
Service Termination and (ii) in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Commodity Index, any of a Change in Law, a Cost Event and/or a Tax Disruption, in each case, if specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and, in either case, in respect of Exempt Warrants, any additional or 
alternative Additional Disruption Events specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Averaging Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Index and an Actual Exercise Date, means each date specified 
as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, 
subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date;

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date”; and  
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant Hedging Positions or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“China Connect Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service 
is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect 
Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“China Connect Disruption” means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China 
Connect Service, relating to any relevant Component of the Index that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the relevant Index or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in 
respect of Components of the Index that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the relevant Index through the 
China Connect Service. 
“China Connect Early Closure” means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China 
Connect Service (provided that Components that comprise 20 per cent or more of the level of the relevant 
Index are securities that are order-routed through the China Connect Service) prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may 
be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China 
Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation 
Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
“China Connect Service” means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the 
relevant Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the relevant Exchange and 
(ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such 
securities.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
“China Connect Service Termination” means, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), the announcement by one or more of the relevant Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC 
or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or 
holding of, any Components of the Index through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, 
temporary. 
“China Connect Share Disqualification” means on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), any Components of the Index cease to be accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as 
defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service. 
“Commodity Index” means the Indices or Index specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Component” means, in respect of an Index, each component security, commodity or other asset included 
in such Index. 
“Contract” means the contract specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Cost Event” means, in relation to an Index (where such Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be a Commodity Index), the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Index, which the Calculation Agent determines 
are material. 
“CSDCC” means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Commodity Index or a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index (i) 
on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for such Index, fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; (ii) where Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on which the China Connect Service fails to open for order-
routing during its regular order-routing session or (iii) on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of 
such Index has occurred; 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (a) the Index Sponsor for such Index fails to 
publish the level of such Index, (b) any Related Exchange for such Index fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session or (c) a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred; or 
(c) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (a) the Index Sponsor for such Index fails to publish the 
level of such Index, (b) a temporary or permanent failure by the relevant Exchange to announce or publish 
a relevant price for any relevant Component of such Index or (c) a Market Disruption Event in respect of 
such Index has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange, 
as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index or a Commodity Index, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Components of such Index 
has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the Components of such Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, in relation to each Component of that Index, the principal stock exchange on which such 
Component is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index, each 
exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or principal trading market on which each relevant 
Component is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) principally traded. 
“Exchange Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index or a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index (a) 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Index are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (b) if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day; 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (a) the Index Sponsor for such Index 
publishes the level of such Index and (b) each Related Exchange for such Index is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (c) if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day; or 
(c) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Index. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for: (i) any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; or (ii) 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange. 
“Expiry Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). For the purposes of this definition, if Additional Index Provisions for 
China Connect Service are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then (a) a Hedging 
Disruption includes (without limitation) any inability to hedge by the Issuer or its Affiliates as a result of 
compliance with any foreign ownership restrictions imposed by the issuer of any Component of the Index, 
any exchange or any court, tribunal, government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong Kong; and (b) 
"using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the Warrants referred to in this

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
definition does not include the use of any quota granted to the Issuer or its Affiliates under the Qualified 
Foreign Institutional Investor (“QFII”) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (“RQFII”) 
schemes. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Components of an Index that the Issuer deems necessary to 
hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants. 
“HKSCC” means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
“Index” and “Indices” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Underlying Schedule, the index 
or indices specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Index Adjustment Event” means, in relation to an Index, an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation, 
an Index Disruption or an Index Restriction Event. 
“Index Currency” means the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day for such Index, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Index Restriction Event” means, in relation to any Index, the occurrence of circumstances in which (i) 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person using an Index in connection with the Warrants is 
prevented from using or (ii) it is not commercially reasonable for any such entity to continue the use of, 
such Index, in each case as a result of:  
(i) 
any applicable legal restrictions; or 
(ii) 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any such other person is required 
to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants and for any 
reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the 
cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
“Index Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of 
the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED THAT any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.  
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any Component comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Component comprised in an Index, the initial stock loan 
rate specified in relation to such Component in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, 
the rate which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would have incurred to borrow such Component, as 
the case may be, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Issuer. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Components of an Index in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event”: 
(a) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a single Index, 
(i) 
in respect of an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index: 
(A) 
means the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the relevant Valuation Time: 
(I) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading whether by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise, either: 
(X) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Components that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or 
(Y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(II) 
of any event (other than an event described in (B) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant Exchange(s), 
Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(III) 
if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Disruption. 
(B) 
means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) 
relating to Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), 
as the case may be, at least one hour prior to (A) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day; or  
(C) 
if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service fails to open for order routing 
during its regular order routing session or a China Connect Early Closure exists or 
occurs, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index which is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index and a Component included in 
such Index: 
(A) 
means the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
(I) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of such Component; 
(II) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of such Component; 
OR 
(III) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material; AND 
the sum of (A) the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, expressed 
as a percentage of the level of the Index, and (B) the X Percentage, comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of the Index: OR 
(B) 
means the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in 
respect of any Related Exchange or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of 
such futures or options contracts and which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material; or 
(C) 
if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Early Closure exists or occurs or at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time a China 
Connect Disruption exists or occurs, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, or the China Connect Service fails to open for order routing 
during its regular order routing session. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Component of an Index, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified for such Component in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, the 
lowest rate at which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
would have incurred to borrow (and maintain a borrowing of) such Component, as the case may be, in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Issuer. 
“Observation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Index and an Early Termination Settlement Date, 
means each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day then, subject as provided in the Underlying Schedule:

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant level, price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date 
were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination 
Settlement Date; 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
(iv) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if such 
day is such a Disrupted Day in respect of the Index, then the Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price 
or value for that Observation Date, by determining the level of such Index as of the Valuation 
Time on that Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with (subject to Index Condition 2 the 
formula for and method of calculating such Index last in effect prior to that originally 
designated Observation Date using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on that Scheduled Trading Day of each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component on 
that Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component 
as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day). 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Official Settlement Price” means, in relation to a Contract, the official settlement price (howsoever 
described under the rules of the relevant Related Exchange or its clearing house) on maturity of such 
Contract published by the Related Exchange or its clearing house on the Expiry Date. 
“Related Exchange” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Commodity Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily 
relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), PROVIDED THAT where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange for an Index in the applicable Issue Terms, “Related Exchange” shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index, the 
principal exchange or quotation system on which futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Index are principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Relevant Tax” means, in respect of a Component or commodity relating to such Component, any excise, 
severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference 
to, overall gross or net income). 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Commodity Index and an Exchange or Related Exchange or, if Additional Index Provisions for China 
Connect Service are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the China Connect Service, and a Scheduled Trading Day for such Index, the scheduled weekday closing 
time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, as the case may be, on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours 
or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect 
Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours;; or

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index and an 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to afterhours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the 
regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index or a Commodity Index, any day on which (I) each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange for such Index, as the case may be, are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions and (II) if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled to be 
open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, any day on which (I) the Index Sponsor for such Index is scheduled to publish the level of such 
Index, (II) each Related Exchange for such Index is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session, (III) no more than 20 per cent. of the Components that comprise the level of such Index are 
scheduled to be unavailable for trading on the relevant Exchange(s) by virtue of such day not being a 
day upon which any such relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
sessions (such unavailable percentage being the “X Percentage”) and (IV) if Additional Index Provisions 
for China Connect Service are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
For the purposes of determining the X Percentage, the relevant percentage contribution of each 
Component unavailable for trading shall be based on a comparison of (a) the portion of the level of 
that Index to that Component relative to (b) the overall level of that Index, in each case using the 
official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
“opening data”; or 
(c) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity Index, any day 
on which the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Index. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Valuation Date relating to such 
Actual Exercise Date. 
“SEHK” means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
“Settlement Date”, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Index which are Cash Settled Warrants: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, means the date 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or, where the 
Warrants relate to a futures contract or an options contract, the Expiry Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, means the fifth Business 
Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Index which are Physical Delivery Warrants, means the date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
“Settlement Price”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Index, each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of this Underlying Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or 
“Averaging Date”, means an amount (which, if an Index Currency is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, shall be deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the official 
closing level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or (x) if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms at the Valuation Time or (y) if the level of such Index is only published 
once a day, the level of such Index for such day) on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if 
Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Exempt Warrants that are Index Warrants relating to a Contract, the provisions 
relating to the calculation of the Settlement Price will be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underling Annex. 
“Tax Disruption” means, in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Commodity Index, the imposition of, change in or removal of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government 
or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to 
increase or decrease the level of the Commodity Index on a day which would otherwise be a Relevant Day 
from what it would have been without such imposition, change or removal. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any 
Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any Related Exchange. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in relation to an Index or in 
respect of a Component at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect 
of a security included in the Index or such Component at that time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security or Component, as the case may be, to the level of that Index shall be based 
on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of that Index attributable to that security or Component, as 
the case may be, and (ii) the overall level of that Index, in each case either (a) except where the Index is 
a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event 
or (b) where that Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a limitation on the hours and number of days of trading resulting from a change 
in the regular business hours of any Exchange or Related Exchange will not constitute a Market Disruption 
Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the Calculation 
Agent is required to determine the level of an Index (a “Relevant Day”) is: 
(a) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index because one or more Related Exchanges relating 
to such Index is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(b) 
a Disrupted Day for an Index solely because any Related Exchange relating to such Index fails to open,

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index because one 
or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted Day solely because any Related 
Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as it 
deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements in respect 
of the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent 
to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent 
to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the 
occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
“Valuation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Index and an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
means the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this 
Underlying Schedule, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant level, price or value for such date, by determining the level of such Index as of the Valuation 
Time on that Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with (subject to Index Condition 2) the formula 
for and method of calculating such Index last in effect prior to that Scheduled Valuation Date using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day of 
each Component comprised in such Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Component on that Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant Component as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled 
Trading Day). 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valid Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index and for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading 
Day for that Index that is not a Disrupted Day, and on which another Averaging Date for such Index, in 
relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, does not or is not deemed to occur; and

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
(b) 
in respect of an Index and for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, a Scheduled Trading 
Day for that Index that is not a Disrupted Day for such Index, and on which another Observation Date for 
such Index, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, does not or is not deemed to 
occur. 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(a) 
in relation an Index other than an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a 
Commodity Index or a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms for such Index if no such Relevant Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Exchange for such Index on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Index where such Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Designated 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Relevant Time specified for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
Relevant Time is specified, (a) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such Index has occurred: (x) in respect of a Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Exchange and (y) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close 
of trading on the relevant Related Exchange, and (b) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of such Index is calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing 
time; or 
(c) 
in relation to an Index where such Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Commodity 
Index, the Relevant Time specified for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Relevant Time 
is specified, either (i) the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day or (ii) where the level of such Index is only published once a day (A) for the purposes of determining 
whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (I) in respect of any relevant Component, the time at 
which such Component is valued for the purposes of determining the level of such Index for the relevant 
day, and (II) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Index, the close of trading on 
the relevant Related Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the level of such 
Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
2 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant Index Sponsor (a 
“Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then, in each case, that index 
(the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the relevant Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (I) on or prior to any Relevant Day, the relevant Index Sponsor or, if applicable, the Successor 
Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating an Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in Components, 
constituent stock, capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine events) (an “Index 
Modification”), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an “Index 
Cancellation”), or (II) on any Relevant Day the Index Sponsor or, if applicable, the Successor Index

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an 
“Index Disruption”) or (III) an Index Restriction Event occurs at any time, then the Issuer may, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, take action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect 
on the Warrants and, if so, to either (A) in relation to any Relevant Day, calculate the relevant level 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the relevant time on 
that Relevant Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to that change, failure or cancellation but using 
only those Components that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment 
Event (other than those Components that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant 
Exchange) PROVIDED THAT, pursuant to the above, the Issuer shall not require the Calculation 
Agent to calculate the relevant level of the Index on more than one consecutive Relevant Day or 
(B) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Index Adjustment 
Event, which adjustment may include, if “Index Substitution” is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the substitution of the relevant Index by a replacement index (the 
“Substitute Index”) selected by the Calculation Agent (which, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, shall be a replacement index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation used in the calculation of 
the level of such Index or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, a replacement index selected by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Index Substitution Criteria (if any)). If “Index 
Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent 
selects a Substitute Index in substitution for the relevant Index, the Issuer shall make such 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate; or 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 
11. If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Warrantholder in respect 
of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case 
may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the 
case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder 
and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will 
be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with General Condition 11. 
3 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to an Index, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, take the action described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such 
adjustment may include, (A) if “Index Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the substitution of the relevant Index (the “Substituted Index”) by an index (the “New Index”) selected 
by the Calculation Agent that satisfies the criteria (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the 
“Index Substitution Criteria”) or (B) the issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If “Index 
Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent selects a 
New Index in substitution for the Substituted Index, the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the 
terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
necessary or appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Adjustment 
Event made by any Related Exchange to options contracts or futures contracts on the relevant Index 
traded on such Related Exchange or, if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by reference to any requirement, adjustment and/or 
limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or 
more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Adjustment Event in respect of 
Components of the relevant Index held through the China Connect Service; or 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, 
any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (a) and (b) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event. 
4 
Corrections 
If the level of an Index published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Index Level”) is 
published by or on behalf of the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor within five 
Business Days after the original publication and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement 
Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, then such Corrected Index Level shall be 
deemed to be the level for such Index for such day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected 
Index Level in determining any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
5 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of any determination made by it pursuant to Index Conditions 2 and 3 above and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
6 
Index Warrants relating to a Contract 
The provisions of this Index Condition 6 shall apply to Index Warrants relating to a Contract only. 
(a) 
Adjustment to a Contract 
In the event that the terms of the Contract are changed or modified by the Related Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent shall, if necessary, make the appropriate adjustments to the provisions for 
determining the Settlement Price and/or any of the other terms of the Conditions as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for such change.

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
(b) 
Adjustment of the Official Settlement Price 
Subject to sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation Agent shall ignore, for the purposes of 
determining the Settlement Price, adjustments made by the Related Exchange to the method of 
calculation of the Official Settlement Price. 
(c) 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of a Contract 
Subject to sub-paragraph (b) above, if there is no Official Settlement Price as a result of the fact 
that trading in the Contract never commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior 
to the Expiry Date, the Official Settlement Price shall be deemed to be (i) in the case of an Index 
Warrant relating to a Contract other than where the relevant Index is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement to be a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, an amount (which shall be deemed 
to be a monetary value on the same basis as the Exercise Price) equal to the official closing level 
of the relevant Index on the relevant Exchange as determined by the Calculation Agent and (ii) in 
the case of an Index Warrant relating to a Contract where the relevant Index is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement to be a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, an amount (which shall 
be deemed to be a monetary value on the same basis as the Exercise Price) equal to the official 
closing level of the Index as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the 
Expiry Date which for these purposes shall be the date that, but for the non-commencement or 
permanent discontinuance of the Contract, would have been the Expiry Date, or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless such day is 
a Disrupted Day, in which case the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index for that 
date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the definition of “Valuation Date”. 
(d) 
Corrections of the Official Settlement Price 
If the Official Settlement Price published by the Related Exchange or its clearing house on the Expiry 
Date and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Warrants is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Official Settlement Price”) is published 
by the Related Exchange or its clearing house within two Business Days after the original publication 
and at least two Business Days prior in any Settlement Date, then such Corrected Official Settlement 
Price shall be deemed to be the Official Settlement Price for the Contract for the Expiry Date and 
the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Official Settlement Price in determining the Cash 
Settlement Amount. 
(e) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 of any adjustment or determination made by it pursuant to sub-
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and/or (d) above.

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
SECTION E.4 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2  
SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants or Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being a “Share” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined in this 
Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Shares. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meaning given to them in the 
General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case, if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) if Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China 
Connect Service are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any of China Connect Share 
Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, in either case, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (iii) any additional or alternative Additional Disruption Events specified, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Share, an Hedging Illegality, De-listing, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency, Tender Offer or Potential Adjustment Event or any Additional Disruption 
Event(s) specified for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means 
(a) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to a single Share and an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as 
an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date;

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of the definition 
of “Valuation Date” below.  
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or 
(Y) the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
“China Connect Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service 
is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect 
Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“China Connect Disruption” means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China 
Connect Service relating to the relevant Share, on the relevant Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a 
China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect 
Service. 
“China Connect Early Closure” means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China 
Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing 
time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on 
the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
“China Connect Share Disqualification” means, on or after the Trade Date, the Shares cease to be 
accepted as “China Connect Securities” (as defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purpose of the China 
Connect Service. 
“China Connect Service” means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the 
relevant Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the relevant Exchange and

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
(ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such 
securities. 
“China Connect Service Termination” means, on or after the Trade Date, the announcement by one or 
more of the relevant Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason 
which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the relevant Shares through the 
China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that 
such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
“CSDCC” means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not (or will not be) 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of 
the European Union) or another exchange or quotation system located in another country which exchange 
or quotation system and country is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in relation to a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, (i) on which a 
relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for such Share fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (ii) where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service 
are specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, on which the China Connect Service 
fails to open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session or (iii) on which a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Share has occurred; or 
“Dividend Amount” means an amount equal to the Dividend Percentage of the sum of all Relevant 
Dividends and, for which purpose, “Relevant Dividend” means, in relation to a Warrant and a Share, any 
gross cash dividends declared by the Share Company in relation to one Share, where (a) the date on which 
the date on which the Shares are traded ex such cash dividends on the relevant Exchange AND (b) the 
day on which Citigroup Global Markets Limited (or, if so determined by the Calculation Agent, any 
successor to, or Affiliate of, it) receives or, where it is not holding the Shares, is deemed to receive, such 
cash dividends, as determined by the Calculation Agent both fall during the period from (but excluding) the 
Trade Date to (and including) the Exercise Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Dividend Percentage” means the percentage specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Exchange” means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in relation to a Share any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share (a) 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and (b) if Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect 
Service are specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, which is a China Connect 
Business Day. 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, in respect of a Share, a dividend or a portion thereof which is 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating to such Share.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
“Failure to Deliver Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, shall 
be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets (or, in the case of a Multiple Exercise Warrant, 
the Affected Relevant Assets in relation to the relevant Actual Exercise Date) on a day selected by the 
Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, but taking into account, if already paid and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s) in respect of 
the Affected Relevant Assets, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified as 
applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
a Hedging Disruption includes (without limitation) any inability to hedge by the Hedging Party or its 
Affiliates as a result of compliance with any foreign ownership restrictions imposed by the issuer of any 
Share, any exchange or any court, tribunal, government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong Kong; 
and 
(b) 
“using commercially reasonable efforts” to hedge the risks with respect to the Warrants referred to above 
does not include the use of any quota granted to such Hedging Party or its Affiliates under the Qualified 
Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) schemes. 
“Hedging Illegality” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer’s position under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with or the interpretation of any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
“HKSCC” means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to 
hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED 
THAT any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to 
such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, the rate which the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates would have incurred to borrow such Share, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the 
Issuer. 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Relevant Company (i) all the Shares 
of that Relevant Company are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(ii) holders of the Shares of that Relevant Company become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that a Relevant Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
PROVIDED THAT proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by such 
Relevant Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a single Share, in respect of a Share: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time 
for such Share: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(I) 
relating to the Share on the relevant Exchange; or 
(II) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(B) 
of any event (other than as described in (II)) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share on the relevant Exchange or 
(B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
on or relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(C) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect 
Disruption; 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(iii) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Early Closure, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the price of a Share (a “Relevant Day”) is: 
(c) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Share because one or more Related Exchanges relating 
to such Share is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(d) 
a Disrupted Day for a Share solely because any Related Exchange relating to such Share 
fails to open, 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share 
because one or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted Day solely 
because any Related Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as 
it deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the 
Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, shall have the meaning given to such term in the 
Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the maximum stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, the lowest rate at 
which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, after using commercially reasonable efforts, would have 
incurred to borrow (and maintain a borrowing of) such Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares, 
as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Issuer. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to 
another entity or person, or (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a 
Relevant Company with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Relevant Company is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding) or (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 
100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of such Relevant Company that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of such

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
Relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Relevant Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash 
Settled Warrants, the last occurring Relevant Day or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
relevant Settlement Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Relevant Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Observation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Share and an Early Termination Settlement Date, each 
date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this 
Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a single 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day that already is or is 
deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price 
or value for that Observation Date in relation to a Share, in accordance with its good faith 
estimate of the price of such Share as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event) or 
a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (A) such Shares or (B) other 
share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of a Relevant Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (C) 
share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by a 
Relevant Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(d) 
a call by a Relevant Company in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by a Relevant Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Relevant Company an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Relevant 
Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides, upon the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
PROVIDED THAT any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
“Reference Index” means, in relation to a Substituted Share, the index (a) of which the Substituted Share 
is a component, or of which it has been a component of at any time during the six months immediately 
preceding the relevant substitution, and (b) over which futures contracts are actively traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If more than one index satisfies the above criteria or if no index satisfies the 
above criteria, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Index for the Substituted Share by 
reference to such criteria as it deems appropriate. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), PROVIDED THAT where 
“All Exchanges” is specified for a Share as the Related Exchange for such Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share. 
“Relevant Company”: 
(a) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Share, means a Share Company; and 
(b) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in relation to an a Share and an Exchange or Related Exchange or, 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified as 
applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service, and a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Share, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or China 
Connect Service, as the case may be, on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any 
Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session 
hours or (in the case of the China Connect Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of 
the regular order-routing session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means in relation to a Share any day on which (i) each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange for such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions and (ii) if Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service is scheduled to be 
open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions and (iii) if Terms of Long/Short Warrants is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, is a London Business Day. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Valuation Date relating to such 
Actual Exercise Date. 
“SEHK” means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
“Settlement Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants relating to a single Share: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants relating to a single Share, the date or dates specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Warrant relating to a single Share, each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be and an Actual Exercise Date (and in relation to Share 
Warrants, subject to the provisions of this Underlying Schedule and as referred to in the definitions of 
“Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”), an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (or if, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, no such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) can be 
so determined and such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair 
market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the closing fair 
market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) for the Share based, 
at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), 
such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Shares” and “Share”, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Underlying Schedule: 
(a) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Share, means such share specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(b) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Share Company” means in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Share, the company that 
has issued such share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
“Share Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of a Relevant Company, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
“Valuation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Share and an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Share, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day for such Share. If such day is such a Disrupted 
Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant level, price or value for such date in relation to a Share, in accordance with its good faith 
estimate of the price of such Share as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day or as 
otherwise provided herein. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valid Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for a Share that is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Share, and on which another Averaging Date, in relation to the relevant Early 
Termination Settlement Date, does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, in respect of a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day for such Share, and on which another Observation Date, in relation to the 
relevant Early Termination Settlement Date for such Share, does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to a Share, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
for such Share, or, if no such Relevant Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange 
for such Share on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
2 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer may, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, take the action described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such 
adjustment may include, (a) if “Share Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the substitution of the Share the subject of the Adjustment Event (the “Substituted Share”) by a share 
(the “New Share”) selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall, if Reference Index is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, be a share contained in the Reference Index or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Share Substitution Criteria (if any)) or (b) the 
issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) determine the effective 
date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If “Share Substitution” is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent selects a New Share in substitution for the Substituted 
Share, the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems 
appropriate. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine necessary or appropriate adjustment(s) 
by reference to (i) the adjustment(s) in respect of such Adjustment Event made by any Related Exchange 
to options contracts or futures contracts on the relevant Shares traded on such Related Exchange or (ii) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified as 
applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that 
may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the 
Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Adjustment Event in respect of Shares held 
through the China Connect Service; or 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, 
any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (a) and (b) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event. 
3 
Corrections 
If the price of a Share published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Share Price”) is 
published on the relevant Exchange within five Business Days after the original publication and at least 
two Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, then such Corrected Share Price shall be deemed to be the price for such Share for such day and

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Share Price in determining any amounts payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
4 
Notifications 
Upon the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Adjustment Event 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5 
Disapplication of General Conditions 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Share, the third paragraph of General Condition 5(g) shall be 
deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following:  
“The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset PROVIDED THAT, in relation to Share 
Warrants, where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Payments of Dividends is applicable, payments 
calculated by reference to an amount of any dividends, distributions or other payments paid by a Relevant 
Company in respect of Shares may be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders, as further described herein 
and in the applicable Issue Terms.”

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
SECTION E.5 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3  
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants or Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being a “Depositary Receipt” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms 
defined in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are 
Depositary Receipts. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case, if 
specified in the applicable Issue and (ii) any additional or alternative Additional Disruption Events specified, 
in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, a De-listing, Hedging Illegality, Insolvency, 
Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer or Potential Adjustment Event or, where “Full Lookthrough” is 
specified as applying in relation to such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, an Underlying 
Share Event or any Additional Disruption Event(s) specified for such Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to a single Depositary Receipt and an Actual Exercise Date, each date 
specified as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this 
Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date;

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level, price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
paragraph (a)(iii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below.  
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or 
(Y) the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, as the case 
may be, the relevant Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not (or will not be) 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as such Exchange (or, where such Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state 
of the European Union) or another exchange or quotation system located in another country which 
exchange or quotation system and country is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if “Partial Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then a De-listing shall not occur in respect of an Underlying Share if such Underlying Share 
is immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system regardless of the 
location of such exchange or quotation system. 
“Deposit Agreement” means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) 
constituting such Depositary Receipt, as from time to time amended or supplemented. 
“Depositary” means, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt, the issuer 
of such Depositary Receipt. 
“Depositary Receipt”, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Underlying Schedule: 
(a) 
means, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt, such depositary 
receipt specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
and

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
(b) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of Depositary Receipts, has the meaning given 
to such term in the Multi-Underlying Annex and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Disrupted Day” means in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Depositary Receipt (a) on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for such Depositary 
Receipt or, where “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to such Depositary Receipt in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for the related Underlying Share, 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) on which a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such Depositary Receipt or, where “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of the related Underlying Share has occurred. 
“Electronic Page” means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, (a) the electronic page or source specified 
for such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) (i) any successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original 
Electronic Page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other published 
source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published 
source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if 
different from the sponsor). 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Depositary Receipt, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Depositary Receipt has 
temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange); or 
(b) 
in relation to an Underlying Share, the principal exchange or quotation system on which such Underlying 
Shares are listed or traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange Business Day” means in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Depositary Receipt on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Depositary 
Receipt and where “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to such Depositary Receipt in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange for the Underlying Share, are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt or an Underlying Share, as the case 
may be, a dividend or a portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary 
dividend relating to such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share, as the case may be. 
“Hedging Depositary Receipts” means the number of Depositary Receipts that the Issuer deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Warrants. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Illegality” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer’s position under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with or the interpretation of any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to 
hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED 
THAT any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any Depositary Receipt that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, the 
rate which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would have incurred to borrow such Depositary Receipt, 
as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Issuer. 
“Insolvency” means, in relation to a Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case 
may be: 
(a) 
that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding 
up of or any analogous proceeding affecting such Relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company, 
as the case may be, (A) all the Depositary Receipts of such Relevant Depositary or all the Underlying 
Shares of such Underlying Share Company, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (B) holders of the Depositary Receipts of such Relevant Depositary or holders of the 
Underlying Shares of such Underlying Share Company, become legally prohibited from transferring them 
or 
(b) 
such Relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or consents to, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official 
(or it consents to such petition) PROVIDED THAT proceedings instituted or petitions presented by 
creditors and not consented to by such Relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company, as the case 
may be, shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that a Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, PROVIDED THAT proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by such Relevant Depositary or an 
Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Depositary Receipt in an amount equal to 
the Hedging Depositary Receipts at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt: 
(i) 
if “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of such Depositary Receipt or a related Underlying Share, as the case 
may be: 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time for such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share, as the case may be: 
(I) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(X) 
relating to the Depositary Receipt or the Underlying Share, as the case 
may be, on the relevant Exchange; or 
(Y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Depositary Receipt or the 
Underlying Share, as the case may be, on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(II) 
of any event (other than as described in (B) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Depositary Receipt or the 
Underlying Share, as the case may be, on the relevant Exchange or (B) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating 
to the Depositary Receipt or the Underlying Share, as the case may be, on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material; 
(ii) 
if “Partial Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of such Depositary Receipt: 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time for such Depositary Receipt:

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
(I) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(X) 
relating to the Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; or 
(Y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Depositary Receipt on 
any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(II) 
of any event (other than as described in (B) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Depositary Receipt on the 
relevant Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts on or relating to the Depositary Receipt on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day, which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the price of a Depositary Receipt (a “Relevant Day”) is: 
(a) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Depositary Receipt because one or more Related 
Exchanges relating to such Depositary Receipt and/or, where “Full Lookthrough” is specified 
as applying in relation to such Depositary Receipt, the related Underlying Share, as the case 
may be, is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(b) 
a Disrupted Day for a Depositary Receipt solely because any Related Exchange relating to 
such Depositary Receipt and/or, where “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation 
to such Depositary Receipt, the related Underlying Share, as the case may be, fails to open, 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Depositary 
Receipt because one or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted Day 
solely because any Related Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as 
it deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the 
Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day; and

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a basket of Depositary Receipts, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the maximum stock loan rate 
specified in relation to such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so 
specified, the lowest rate at which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, would have incurred to borrow (and maintain a borrowing of) such Depositary Receipt 
in an amount equal to the Hedging Depositary Receipts, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Issuer. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, any: (i) 
reclassification or change of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary Receipts or Underlying 
Shares, as the case may be, outstanding to another entity or person, or (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of a Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case 
may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Depositary 
Receipts or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, outstanding), or (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 
100 per cent. of the outstanding Depositary Receipts of a Relevant Depositary or 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding Underlying Shares of an Underlying Share Company, that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying Shares, as the case 
may be, (other than such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying Shares, as the case may be, owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Relevant Depositary or its subsidiaries or an Underlying Share Company or its subsidiaries, 
as the case may be, with or into another entity in which such Depositary or such Underlying Share 
Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, outstanding but 
results in the outstanding Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, (other than 
Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, immediately following such event, in each 
case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the last occurring Relevant 
Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Depositary Receipts and/or all the Underlying Shares or all or 
substantially all the assets of a Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Observation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt and an Early Termination 
Settlement Date, each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as 
provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if:

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a single 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day that already is or is 
deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price 
or value for that Observation Date, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, using its good faith 
estimate of the price or value of such Depositary Receipt at the Valuation Time on that 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares 
(unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying 
Shares of (A) such Depositary Receipts and/or such Underlying Shares or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of a Relevant 
Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, in each case equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, 
or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by a 
Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or 
other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(d) 
a call by (A) a Relevant Depositary in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts that are not fully paid, 
and/or (B) an Underlying Share Company, in respect of relevant Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by (A) a Relevant Depositary or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Depositary Receipts, 
and/or (B) an Underlying Share Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Shares, in 
each case, whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, an event 
which results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common 
stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Relevant Depositary or such Underlying Share 
Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; 
(g) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or the relevant Underlying Shares; 
(h) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of a relevant Deposit Agreement; or 
(i) 
a distribution in respect of an Underlying Share of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to 
such Underlying Share to the holder of such Underlying Share. 
“Reference Index” shall mean, in respect of an Affected Underlying Share, the index (a) of which such 
Affected Underlying Share is a component or of which it has been a component at any time during the six 
months immediately preceding the relevant substitution; and (b) over which futures contracts are actively

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If more than one index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) 
above, or if no index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Reference Index for such Affected Underlying Share by reference to such criteria as it deems 
appropriate. 
“Related Exchange” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Depositary Receipt, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures contracts or options contracts relating 
to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange), PROVIDED THAT where “All Exchanges” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
“Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material affect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating 
to such Depositary Receipt; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Underlying Share, the principal exchange or quotation system on which futures contracts 
or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share are principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Relevant Depositary”: 
(a) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt, means a Depositary; and 
(b) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of Depositary Receipts, shall have the meaning 
given to such term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Same Underlying Share and Currency” shall mean, in respect of an Affected Depositary Receipt, a 
depositary receipt issued in respect of the same existing Underlying Share as the Affected Depositary 
Receipt and denominated in the same currency as the Affected Depositary Receipt. If no such replacement 
depositary receipt is selected or available, then the relevant Underlying Share shall be substituted in 
accordance with the Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria for an Affected Underlying Share and the 
replacement depositary receipt shall be a depositary receipt issued in respect of such replacement 
Underlying Share. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Depositary Receipt and an Exchange or a Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Depositary Receipt, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the 
regular trading session hours; or 
(b) 
in relation to a Depositary Receipt and the related Underlying Share and an Exchange or a Related 
Exchange for such Underlying Share and a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any day on which each relevant 
Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Depositary Receipt and, where “Full Lookthrough” is 
specified as applying in relation to such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, each relevant 
Exchange and each Related Exchange for the related Underlying Share, are scheduled to be open for their

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
respective regular trading sessions, and if Terms of Long/Short Warrants is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, is a London Business Day. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Valuation Date relating to such Actual Exercise Date. 
“Settlement Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price” means, in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be and an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt, subject to this Underlying Schedule and 
as referred to in the definitions of “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, as the case may be, an amount 
equal to the official closing price of such Depositary Receipt as displayed on the Electronic Page for such 
Depositary Receipt at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date 
(or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such official closing price cannot be so determined and such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the official closing price by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate), such 
amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency at 
the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of a Relevant Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
“Valuation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Depositary Receipt and an Actual Exercise Date, the date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Depositary Receipt, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If, such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule:

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant level, price or value for such date or in relation to a Depositary Receipt, using its good faith 
estimate of the price or value of such Depositary Receipt as the case may be, at the Valuation Time 
on that Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valid Date” means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary 
Receipt that is not a Disrupted Day for such Depositary Receipt, and on which another Averaging Date 
for such Depositary Receipt, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date for such 
Depositary Receipt, does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary 
Receipt that is not a Disrupted Day for such Depositary Receipt, and on which another Observation Date, 
in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date for such Depositary Receipt, does not or is 
not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no Relevant Time is specified, the time at which the official closing price of such 
Depositary Receipt is scheduled to be published by or on behalf of the Exchange for such Depositary 
Receipt. 
“Underlying Share” means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, the shares or other securities in respect 
of which such Depositary Receipt is issued, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Underlying Share Company” means, in relation to an Underlying Share, the issuer of such Underlying 
Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Underlying Share Event” means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, either (i) written instructions are at 
any time given by the related Underlying Share Company to the Relevant Depositary to withdraw or 
surrender the Underlying Shares or (ii) the relevant Deposit Agreement is at any time terminated. 
2 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Depositary Receipt and/or an Underlying Share, as the case 
may be, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, take the action described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
adjustment may include, (A) if “Depositary Receipt Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the substitution of the relevant Depositary Receipt (the “Affected Depositary Receipt”) 
and/or an Underlying Share (the “Affected Underlying Share”) the subject of such Adjustment Event 
with a new depositary receipt selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall, if Same Underlying Share 
and Currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be a depositary receipt with the Same Underlying 
Share and Currency or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or share selected by the 
Calculation Agent (which shall, if Reference Index is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be a share contained in the Reference Index or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, selected by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria (if any)) or (B) the issue 
of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) determine the effective 
date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If “Depositary Receipt Substitution” is specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent selects a new Depositary Receipt and/or, as 
the case may be, a new Underlying Share, in substitution for the Affected Depositary Receipt or the 
Affected Underlying Share, as relevant, the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the terms of the 
Warrants as it deems appropriate. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine necessary or 
appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Adjustment Event made 
by the relevant Relevant Depositary, as the case may be, to the relevant Deposit Agreement; or 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, 
any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (a) and (b) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event. 
3 
Corrections 
If the price of a Depositary Receipt published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or 
determination made in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Depositary Receipt Price”) is published by or on behalf of the relevant Exchange within five 
Business Days after the original publication and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement 
Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, then such Corrected Depositary Receipt 
Price shall be deemed to be the price for such Depositary Receipt for such day and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Depositary Receipt Price in determining any amounts payable or deliverable in 
respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
4 
Notifications 
Upon the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Adjustment Event 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5 
Amendments 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Depositary Receipt, the third paragraph of General Condition 
5(g) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following:  
“The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue 
Terms specifies that Payments of Dividends is applicable, payments calculated by reference to an amount 
of any dividends, distributions or other payments paid by a Relevant Depositary in respect of Depositary 
Receipts may be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders, as further described herein and in the applicable 
Issue Terms.”

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
SECTION E.6 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4  
ETF CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants or Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being an “ETF Share” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined 
in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are ETF 
Shares. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case, if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) any additional or alternative Additional Disruption Events 
specified, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to an ETF Share, an Adviser Resignation Event, Cross-
contamination, De-listing, Failure by Fund Service Provider, Fund Administrator Cessation, Fund 
Modification, Hedging Illegality, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Regulatory Action, Strategy 
Breach, Tender Offer Potential Adjustment Event or any Additional Disruption Event(s) specified for such 
ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Adviser Resignation Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Fund and a related ETF Share, the 
resignation, termination of the appointment or replacement of its Fund Adviser in respect of such ETF 
Share. 
“Averaging Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Warrant relating to a single ETF Share and an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified 
as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Share, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of:

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of the definition 
of “Valuation Date” below.  
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any 
tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or 
(Y) the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
“Cross-contamination” means, in relation to a Relevant the occurrence of a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, series or sub-funds of such Relevant 
Fund. 
“De-listing” means, in relation to any relevant ETF Shares, the relevant Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and are 
not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is located within the European 
Union, in any member state of the European Union) or another exchange or quotation system located in 
another country which exchange or quotation system and country is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in relation to an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share on 
which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for such ETF Share fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such ETF Share has 
occurred. 
“Electronic Page” means, in respect of an Underlying, (a) the electronic page or source specified for such 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original Electronic Page or 
(ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published source,

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different 
from the sponsor). 
“ETF Share Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Exchange” means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in relation to an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF 
Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such ETF Share are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“ETF Shares” and “ETF Share” subject to adjustment in accordance with this Underlying Schedule: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single ETF Share means, such exchange traded fund share specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a basket of ETF Shares, shall have the meaning given to such term in 
the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, in respect of an ETF Share, a dividend, distribution or portion thereof 
which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating to such ETF Share. 
“Failure by Fund Service Provider” means, in relation to a Relevant Fund and a related ETF Share, a 
failure by a Fund Service Provider of such Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share to perform any of 
its obligations in respect of such Relevant Fund and such ETF Share and any such Fund Service Provider 
is not immediately replaced by another Fund Service Provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund” means, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single exchange traded fund share, the 
issuer of such ETF Share. 
“Fund Administrator” means, in respect of a Relevant Fund and a related ETF Share, the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such 
Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share according to the Fund Documents of such Relevant Fund 
and such ETF Share. 
“Fund Administrator Cessation” means, in relation to a Relevant Fund and the related ETF Share, that 
any Fund Administrator for such Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share ceases to provide the 
services as outlined in the relevant Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date and any such Fund 
Administrator is not immediately replaced by another Fund Administrator acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Fund Adviser” means, in respect of a Relevant Fund and a related ETF Share, any person appointed in 
the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary 
investment adviser) to such Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share, or any successor acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund Documents” means, in respect of a Relevant Fund and a related ETF Share, the constitutive and 
governing documents of such Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share and the subscription 
agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Share and as amended from time 
to time.

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
“Fund Service Provider” means, in respect of a Relevant Fund and a related ETF Share, any person who 
is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share 
whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, 
including without limitation any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, 
depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or 
domiciliary agent. 
“Fund Modification” means, in relation to a Relevant Fund and the related ETF Share, any change or 
modification of the Fund Documents of such Relevant Fund in respect of such ETF Share which could 
reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such ETF Share or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder 
of such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Issue Date. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging ETF Shares” means the number of ETF Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the 
equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
“Hedging Illegality” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer’s position under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with or the interpretation of any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to 
hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED 
THAT any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation 
to such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, the rate which the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would have incurred to borrow such ETF Share, as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Issuer.

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
“Insolvency” means: 
(a) 
that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding 
up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Relevant Fund (i) all the ETF Shares of that Relevant 
Fund, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official; 
or (ii) holders of the ETF Shares of that Relevant Fund, as the case may be, become legally prohibited 
from transferring them; or 
(b) 
either a Relevant Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed 
for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger), (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) (A) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or (B) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditor’s rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, stayed or 
restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced, or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in (iv) or (v) above. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that a Relevant Fund institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
PROVIDED THAT proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by such 
Relevant Fund shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETF Share in an amount equal to the 
Hedging ETF Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a single ETF Share, in respect of an ETF Share: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time 
for such ETF Share: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(I) 
relating to the ETF Share on the relevant Exchange; or 
(II) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(B) 
of any event (other than as described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETF Share on the relevant 
Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the price of an ETF Share (a “Relevant Day”) is: 
(a) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for an ETF Share because one or more Related 
Exchanges relating to such ETF Share is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(b) 
a Disrupted Day for an ETF Share solely because any Related Exchange relating to 
such ETF Share fails to open, 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an ETF 
Share because one or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted 
Day solely because any Related Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such 
circumstances as it deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the 
obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the 
preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of 
such Disrupted Day. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a basket of ETF Shares, shall have the meaning given to such term in 
the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the maximum stock loan rate specified 
in relation to such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is so specified, the lowest 
rate at which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, after using commercially reasonable efforts, would have

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
incurred to borrow (and maintain a borrowing of) such ETF Share in an amount equal to the Hedging ETF 
Shares, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Issuer. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any: (i) reclassification or change of such 
ETF Shares which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer such ETF Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person; or (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Relevant Fund with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Relevant Fund is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); or (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares of a Relevant Fund that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of a Relevant Fund or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Relevant 
Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or change of all such ETF 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before 
(a) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the last occurring Relevant Day or (b) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Relevant Fund 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Observation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single ETF Share and an Early Termination Settlement Date, 
each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share, unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, 
subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a single 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day that already is or is 
deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date; or

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if, such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price 
or value for that Observation Date in relation to an ETF Share, using its good faith estimate 
of the price or value of such ETF Share at the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading 
Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue;

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of (A) such ETF Shares 
or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of a Relevant Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF 
Shares or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by a Relevant Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(d) 
a call by a Relevant Fund in respect of relevant ETF Shares which are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by a Relevant Fund or any of its subsidiaries of relevant ETF Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than 
in respect of a redemption of such ETF Shares initiated by an investor in such ETF Shares that is 
consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; 
(f) 
in respect of a Relevant Fund an event which results in any shareholder right being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Relevant 
Fund pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
PROVIDED THAT any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
“Regulatory Action” means, in relation to a Relevant Fund (i) the cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of such Relevant Fund or any ETF Share of such Relevant Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Relevant Fund or such ETF Share, (ii) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such Relevant Fund or its 
Fund Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse 
impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in such ETF Share or (iii) such Relevant Fund 
or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting from the operation of such Relevant Fund, Fund 
Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), PROVIDED THAT where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange for an ETF 
Share in the applicable Issue Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
“Related Index” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the index so specified for such ETF Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
“Relevant Fund”: 
(a) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single exchange traded fund share, means a Fund; and 
(b) 
in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of exchange traded fund shares, shall have the 
meaning given to such term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in relation to an ETF Share and an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in relation to an ETF Share, any day on which (i) each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange for such ETF Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective 
regular trading sessions and (ii) if Terms of Long/Short Warrants is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, is a London Business Day. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to ETF Warrants and an Actual Exercise Date, any original 
date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Valuation Date 
relating to such Actual Exercise Date. 
“Settlement Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants relating to a single ETF Share: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or, where the Warrants are 
Index Warrants relating to a futures contract or an options contract, the Expiry Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Warrant relating to a single ETF Share, each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be and an Actual Exercise Date, in relation to ETF 
Warrants, (and subject to this Underlying Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging 
Date”), an amount equal to the official closing price of such ETF Share as displayed on the Electronic 
Page for such ETF Share at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such official closing price cannot be so determined and 
such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the official closing price by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate), 
such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Strategy Breach” means, in relation to a Relevant Fund any breach or violation of any strategy or 
investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of such Relevant Fund which is reasonably likely, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect: (i) the value of the ETF Shares of such Relevant Fund 
or (ii) the rights and remedies of any holder of the ETF Shares of such Relevant Fund as compared with 
those rights and remedies prevailing on the Issue Date. 
“Tender Offer” means, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of a Relevant Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the 
making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
“Valid Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such ETF Share that is not a Disrupted Day for such ETF Share, and on which another Averaging 
Date for such ETF Share, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date for such ETF 
Share, does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such ETF Share that is not a Disrupted Day for such ETF Share, and on which another 
Observation Date, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date for such ETF Share, does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single ETF Share and an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for such ETF Share, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share, unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day for such ETF Share. If such day is such 
a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the Valuation Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant level, price or value for such date, in relation to an ETF Share using its good faith estimate 
of the price or value of such ETF Share at the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex.

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to an ETF Share, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no Relevant Time is specified, the time at which the official closing price of such ETF Share is 
scheduled to be published by or on behalf of the Exchange for such ETF Share. 
2 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to an ETF Share, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, take the action described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such 
adjustment may include, (A) if “ETF Share Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the substitution of the Share the subject of the Adjustment Event (the “Substituted ETF Share”) 
by a share (the “New ETF Share”) selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall, if Related Index is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be an exchange-traded fund share which tracks the Related 
Index or another index having the same or substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
the Related Index or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the ETF Share Substitution Criteria (if any)) or (B) the issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. 
If “ETF Share Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation 
Agent selects a New ETF Share in substitution for the Substituted ETF Share, the Issuer shall make such 
other adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate. The Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine necessary or appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect 
of such Adjustment Event made by any Related Exchange to options contracts or futures contracts on 
the relevant ETF Shares traded on such Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, 
any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (a) and (b) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event. 
3 
Corrections 
If the price of a Share published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected ETF Share Price”) 
is published by or on behalf of the relevant Exchange within five Business Days after the original publication 
and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, 
as the case may be, then such Corrected ETF Share Price shall be deemed to be the price for such ETF

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
Share for such day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected ETF Share Price in determining 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
4 
Notifications 
Upon the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Adjustment Event 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5 
Disapplication of General Conditions 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to an ETF Share, the third paragraph of General Condition 5(g) shall 
be deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following: 
“The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset PROVIDED THAT, in relation to ETF Share 
Warrants, where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Payments of Dividends is applicable, payments 
calculated by reference to an amount of any dividends, distributions or other payments paid by a Relevant 
Fund in respect of ETF Shares may be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders, as further described 
herein and in the applicable Issue Terms.”

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
SECTION E.7 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5  
MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants or Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being a “Mutual Fund” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined 
in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Mutual 
Funds. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meaning given to them in the 
General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) any of a Fees or Charges Event, a Fund Adviser Event, a Holding 
Ratio Change, a Limitation Event, a NAV Trigger Event, a New Information Event, a Non Currency 
Redemption, a Related Agreement Termination, an Asset Trigger Event, a Delisting, Change in Law, 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging or Insolvency Filing in each case, if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and (ii) any additional or alternative Additional Disruption Events specified, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, an Adviser Resignation Event, Cross-
contamination, Failure by Fund Service Provider, Fund Administrator Cessation, Fund Modification, 
Hedging Illegality, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Regulatory Action, Reporting Disruption, 
Strategy Breach, Potential Adjustment Event or any Additional Disruption Event(s) specified for such 
Relevant Mutual Fund, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Adviser Resignation Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund Interest, 
the resignation, termination or replacement of its Fund Adviser in respect of such Fund Interest. 
“Asset Trigger Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, the aggregate net asset value of the 
Fund Interests held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is more than 10 per cent. of the aggregate net 
asset value of such Relevant Mutual Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at any time. 
“Averaging Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest and an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified 
as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Interest, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such 
a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below; and  
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines 
that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or (Y) the Issuer 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the 
tax position of the relevant Hedging Party). 
“Cross-contamination” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, the occurrence of a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, series or sub-funds 
of such Relevant Mutual Fund. 
“Delisting” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, that the relevant Exchange announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, such Fund Interest ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted 
on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event) and is not (or will not be) immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) 
located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
“Disrupted Day” means in relation to a Mutual Fund, a day on which there is: 
(a) 
(I) in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date to be a 
Redemption Valuation Date for such Mutual Fund or (II) in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Scheduled Mutual Fund Valuation Dates, a failure of any 
Scheduled Mutual Fund Valuation Date to be a Mutual Fund Valuation Date for such Mutual Fund; or 
(b) 
a failure by a Mutual Fund on such day to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or 
otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with respect to any Fund Interest scheduled to have been

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
paid on or by such day according to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, 
deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund 
Interests). 
“Electronic Page” means, in respect of an Underlying, (a) the electronic page or source specified for such 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original Electronic Page or 
(ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different 
from the sponsor). 
“Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest” means a mutual fund share or unit in a fund which is a mutual fund 
which: 
(a) 
if “Liquidity” is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in the applicable Issue 
Terms, provides daily liquidity (subject to certain exceptions specified in the relevant fund documents 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent and conforming to accepted market standards) and the shares or 
units of which (however described in the relevant fund documents) may be subscribed or sold to or 
redeemed by the relevant fund at a value equal to the net asset value on a fund business day (however 
described in the relevant fund documents) (subject to exceptions as aforesaid) by giving no more than 
two fund business days’ notice, without the imposition of any charges by such fund in respect of such 
subscription, sale or redemption; 
(b) 
if “Similar Strategy” is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which has the same or substantially similar strategies as the Substituted Fund Interest; and 
(c) 
if “Same Currency” is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in the applicable 
Issue Terms, has the same currency as the Substituted Fund Interest. 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a dividend, distribution or portion thereof 
which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating to such Fund Interest. 
“Failure by Fund Service Provider” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund 
Interest, a failure by a Fund Service Provider of such Mutual Fund, in respect of such Fund Interest to 
perform any of its obligations in respect of such Relevant Mutual Fund and such Fund Interest and such 
Fund Service Provider is not immediately replaced by another Fund Service Provider acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Fees or Charges Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, the imposition of any fees or 
charges in relation to redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of Fund Interests other than any such fee or 
charge in existence on the Trade Date. 
“Fund Administrator” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund Interest, the 
fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for 
such Relevant Mutual Fund, in respect of such Fund Interest according to the Fund Documents of such 
Mutual Fund and such Fund Interest. 
“Fund Administrator Cessation” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund 
Interest, that any Fund Administrator for such Relevant Mutual Fund in respect of such Fund Interest, 
ceases to provide the services as outlined in the Relevant Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date 
and any such Fund Administrator is not immediately replaced by another Fund Administrator acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund Adviser” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund Interest, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-
discretionary investment adviser) to such Relevant Mutual Fund, in respect of such Fund Interest or any 
successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund Adviser Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, that the Calculation Agent determines 
(a) that at any time after the Trade Date, the total value of the assets managed by the relevant Fund 
Adviser (including in relation to such Relevant Mutual Fund) is equal to or less than USD 100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent) or such other amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the “AUM Threshold”) or (b) 
that over any period of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the relevant Fund Adviser 
(including in relation to such Relevant Mutual Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent. (either due to 
redemptions or decrease in the value of such assets or otherwise). 
“Fund Documents” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund Interest, the 
constitutive and governing documents of such Relevant Mutual Fund, in respect of such Fund Interest and 
the subscription agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such Fund Interests and as 
amended from time to time. 
“Fund Interest”, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Underlying Schedule: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Mutual Fund, such mutual fund share or unit specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a basket of Mutual Funds, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Fund Modification” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund Interest, any 
change or modification of the Fund Documents of such Relevant Mutual Fund in respect of such Fund 
Interest which could reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such Fund Interests, or (ii) the rights 
or remedies of any holder of any Fund Interest as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on 
the Issue Date. 
“Fund Service Provider” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and the related Fund Interest, any 
person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Relevant Mutual Fund, in 
respect of such Fund Interest whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents, or any successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including without limitation any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, 
operator, management company, depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, 
trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by a Hedging Party in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Hedging Illegality” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer’s position under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with or the interpretation of any applicable present or future

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
“Holding Ratio Change” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, the reduction of such Mutual 
Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has, or is likely to have, a material adverse effect on the performance or management of such Relevant 
Mutual Fund or would increase the proportion of the Fund Interests held, or likely to be held, by any 
Hedging Party, to the extent that the full redemption of the Fund Interests held by such Hedging Party is 
likely to be delayed or become subject to “gating” by such Relevant Mutual Fund. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, a hypothetical investor in Fund 
Interests of such Relevant Mutual Fund deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, as provided in 
the Fund Documents of such Relevant Mutual Fund of an investor holding, as of the Issue Date, an interest 
in such Relevant Mutual Fund equal to the relevant number (determined by the Calculation Agent) of such 
Fund Interests; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund Interests of such Relevant Mutual 
Fund to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice requesting a subscription for the relevant 
number of such Fund Interests; and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of an investment in such 
Fund Interests of such Relevant Mutual Fund to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice 
requesting a redemption of the relevant number of such Fund Interests. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED THAT any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Insolvency” means: 
(a) 
that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding 
up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Relevant Mutual Fund (A) all Fund Interests of such 
Relevant Mutual Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official, or (B) 
holders of Fund Interests of such Relevant Mutual Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or 
redeeming such Fund Interests; or 
(b) 
either a Relevant Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers (A) is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; (C) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official; or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditor’s rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation; or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 
fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced, or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (D) or (E) above. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that a Relevant Mutual Fund institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
PROVIDED THAT proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by such 
Relevant Mutual Fund shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Limitation Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, (i) a material limitation is imposed on 
dealings in any relevant Fund Interests, (ii) such Relevant Mutual Fund’s dealing schedule is changed 
(including, but not limited to, a change in notice periods for redemptions or imposition of gating provisions), 
(iii) subscription and/or redemption liquidity in any relevant Fund Interests is reduced, (iv) there is a material 
reduction in the assets under management of such Relevant Mutual Fund since the Trade Date or (v) any 
other event occurs which restricts, in whole or in part (on a permanent or temporary basis), dealings of any 
nature with respect to any relevant Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant event occurs pursuant to any 
provisions permitting such Relevant Mutual Fund to restrict in any way dealings with respect to the relevant 
Fund Interest). 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Fund Interest, any: 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such Fund Interest which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Fund Interests outstanding to another entity or person; or 
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Relevant Mutual Fund with or 
into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such Relevant Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Fund Interests outstanding); or 
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Fund Interests of the Relevant Mutual 
Fund, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Interests (other 
than those Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Relevant Mutual Fund with or 
into another entity in which such Relevant Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in the reclassification or change of all such Fund Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund 
Interests (other than those Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Fund Interests immediately 
following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the last occurring 
Relevant Day or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
“Monetisation” means: 
(a) 
on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date”), the 
Calculation Agent shall value the amount of the Fund Interest affected by the Adjustment Event (the 
“Affected Fund Interest”) relating to a Warrant (such value, less any costs and expenses of unwinding 
any related Hedging Positions, the “Affected Mutual Fund Value”); and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust the formulae and/or method of determining any amounts payable in 
respect of the Warrants to reflect the Affected Mutual Fund Value in lieu of the Settlement Price of the 
Affected Fund Interest, and shall adjust the Cash Settlement Amount to include an amount in respect of 
interest (compounded on a daily basis) on the Affected Mutual Fund Value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, accrued at an overnight rate relating to the Settlement Currency selected by the 
Calculation Agent during the period from (and including) the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date to (but 
excluding) the final Settlement Date. 
“Mutual Fund” means, in respect of Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest, the mutual fund that has 
issued such Fund Interest. 
“Mutual Fund Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Mutual Fund Valuation Date” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a date as of which the related 
Relevant Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) determines the 
value of such Fund Interest or, if the related Relevant Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset 
value, a date as of which such Relevant Mutual Fund determines its aggregate net asset value. 
“NAV Trigger Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, (i) if a NAV Trigger Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that at any time after the Trade Date, the Relevant Price of such 
Relevant Mutual Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Mutual Fund Valuation Date or 
Redemption Valuation Date has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, such NAV Trigger 
Percentage or (ii) such Relevant Mutual Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, the relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the Relevant Mutual Fund or any of its assets. 
“NAV Trigger Percentage” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, the percentage, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets of a Relevant Mutual 
Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“New Information Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, (x) any information provided to 
the Calculation Agent by or in connection with such Relevant Mutual Fund, the relevant Fund Adviser, the 
relevant Fund Administrator or other Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in any respect or 
(y) the publication or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or becomes available which, if 
considered by itself or with information previously provided to the Calculation Agent, would be likely to 
cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in or to seek to realise any investment in any relevant 
Fund Interests, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Non Currency Redemption” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, any relevant Fund Interests 
are redeemed otherwise than in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the currency(ies) in 
which as of the Trade Date (and according to the relevant Fund Documents or as otherwise communicated 
to the Calculation Agent) it is intended redemptions of the relevant Fund Interests shall occur.

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
“Observation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest and an Early Termination Settlement 
Date, means each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Interest, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in 
this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B)) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (II) below will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant level, price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date 
were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination 
Settlement Date; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day;

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price 
or value for that Observation Date, using its good faith estimate of the price or value of such 
Fund Interest at the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Fund Interests in respect of such Relevant Mutual Fund 
or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Interest to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of Fund Interests in respect of such Relevant Mutual 
Fund of (A) an additional amount of such Fund Interests or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of such Relevant Mutual Fund equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Interests or (C) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by such Relevant Mutual Fund as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or 
other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(d) 
a repurchase by such Relevant Mutual Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Interests 
initiated by an investor in such Fund Interests that is consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(e) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of such Fund Interests. 
“Redemption Notice Date” means, in relation to a Fund Interest and a Valuation Date or Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, the last date on which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Interests would be 
permitted (under the Fund Documents of the related Relevant Mutual Fund) to submit a redemption notice 
which would be timely for a redemption of such Fund Interests on the Scheduled Trading Day occurring 
on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be. 
“Redemption Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund and any Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, the date as of which such Relevant Mutual Fund, (or its Fund Service 
Provider which generally determines the value hereinafter mentioned) would determine the net asset value 
of such Relevant Mutual Fund for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a 
Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice on or before the Redemption 
Notice Date for a redemption in respect thereof of relevant Fund Interests.

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
“Regulatory Action” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, (i) the cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Relevant Mutual Fund or any Fund Interest of such 
Relevant Mutual Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Relevant 
Mutual Fund or such Fund Interest, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of 
such Fund Interest, such Relevant Mutual Fund or its Fund Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Interest or 
on any investor in such Fund Interest, or (iii) such Relevant Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Administrator 
or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity 
relating to or resulting from the operation of such Relevant Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Administrator 
or Fund Adviser. 
“Related Agreement Termination” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, such Relevant Mutual 
Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or other relevant party specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and licensing. 
“Relevant Mutual Fund”: 
(a) 
in the case of Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest, means a Mutual Fund; and 
(b) 
in the case of Warrants relating to a basket of Fund Interests, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Reporting Disruption” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund (x) the occurrence of any event 
affecting such Relevant Mutual Fund which would make it impossible or impracticable to determine the 
value of a Fund Interest of such Relevant Mutual Fund and such event continues for at least two 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, (y) any failure of such Relevant Mutual Fund to deliver or cause to 
be delivered, (A) information that such Relevant Mutual Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered to the Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, information to determine the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day or Adjustment Event and the annual audited financial report and semi-annual financial 
report, if any, in relation to the related Fund Interests, or (B) information that has been previously delivered 
to the Calculation Agent, in accordance with the normal practice of such Relevant Mutual Fund or its 
authorised representative and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor the compliance of 
such Relevant Mutual Fund with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to the relevant Fund Interests. 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the value of such Fund Interest as reported by the 
Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of the Relevant Mutual Fund to its 
investors or a publishing service and displayed on the applicable Electronic Page determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means in relation to a Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its 
Fund Service Provider where it generally determines the value hereinafter mentioned) is scheduled, 
according to its Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of Fund Interests): (a) to determine 
the net asset value of a Fund Interest for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to 
an investor who has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of Fund Interests (such redemption 
to be effected on the basis of the net asset value determined as of such day) (such day a “Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date”); or (b) to determine the value of the related Fund Interest or, if the Mutual 
Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the date as of which such Mutual Fund is scheduled to 
determine its aggregate net asset value (such day a “Scheduled Mutual Fund Valuation Date”), as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Valuation Date relating to such 
Actual Exercise Date. 
“Settlement Date”, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest which are Cash Settled Warrants: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, means the date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth Business 
Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, means the fifth Business 
Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest which are Physical Delivery Warrants, means 
the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price”: 
(a) 
in relation to a Warrant relating to a single Fund Interest or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date, subject to this Underlying Schedule 
and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, as the case may be, means an amount equal 
to the value of such Fund Interest as determined by the Calculation Agent (X) if Averaging is not specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date or (Y) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. In determining the value in respect of a Fund 
Interest, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any value or aggregate value reported by the Fund 
Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of the Mutual Fund to its investors or a 
publishing service and displayed on the Electronic Page for such Fund Interest; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Strategy Breach” means, in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund any breach or violation of any strategy or 
investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of such Relevant Mutual Fund which is reasonably 
likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (i) the value of Fund Interests of such Relevant 
Mutual Fund or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any Fund Interest as compared with those rights 
or remedies prevailing on the Issue Date. 
“Valid Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purpose of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for a Relevant Mutual 
Fund, that is not a Disrupted Day for such Relevant Mutual Fund, and on which another Averaging Date 
for such Relevant Mutual Fund, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, does not 
or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purpose of the definition of “Observation Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for a Relevant Mutual 
Fund, that is not a Disrupted Day for such Relevant Mutual Fund, and on which another Observation 
Date for such Relevant Mutual Fund, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, does 
not or is not deemed to occur.

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
“Valuation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Fund Interest and in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, means 
the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Interest, means the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is such a 
Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule the Valuation Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day.  
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant level, price or value for such date, using its good faith estimate of the price or value of such 
Fund Interest at the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
2 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Relevant Mutual Fund, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, take the action described in (a) 
or (b): 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (a) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such 
adjustment may include, (I) if “Fund Interest Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the substitution of the Fund Interest the subject of the Adjustment Event (the “Substituted Fund 
Interest”) by a fund interest (the “New Fund Interest”) selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall, if 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be an Equivalent Mutual Fund 
Interest or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, selected in accordance with the Mutual Fund Substitution 
Criteria (if any)) and, where in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any such substitution of the 
Substituted Fund Interest cannot reasonably be made, any adjustment(s) made pursuant to this sub-
paragraph may also include Monetisation in respect of the Substituted Fund Interest and the Calculation 
Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate in relation 
to such Monetisation or (II) the issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and (b) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If “Fund Interest Substitution” 
is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent selects a New Fund 
Interest in substitution for the Substituted Fund Interest, the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate. The Calculation Agent shall make all adjustments 
arising from an Adjustment Event in such a way as to ensure that the direct economic link between the 
value of the relevant Fund Interests and the value of the Warrants is preserved; or

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, 
any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it occurs, the 
Issuer may, in addition to (a) and (b) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event. 
3 
Amendments 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Fund Interest, the third paragraph of General Condition 5(g) shall 
be deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following: 
“The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue 
Terms specifies that Payments of Dividends is applicable, payments calculated by reference to an amount 
of any dividends, distributions or other payments paid by the Relevant Mutual Fund may be paid by the 
Issuer to the Warrantholders, as further described herein and in the applicable Issue Terms.” 
4 
Corrections 
If any price or value published by or on behalf of a Relevant Mutual Fund in respect of a Fund Interest on 
any day and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Warrants is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Fund Interest Price”) is published by or on 
behalf of such Relevant Mutual Fund, as the case may be, within five Business Days after the original 
publication and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, then such Corrected Fund Interest Price shall be deemed to be the 
price or value for such Fund Interest for such day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Fund 
Interest Price in determining any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
5 
Notifications 
Upon the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Adjustment Event 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
SECTION E.8 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 
COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt Warrants or Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being a “Commodity” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined in 
this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are 
Commodities. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means Change in Law, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and any 
additional or alternative Additional Disruption Events specified, in the case of Exempt Warrants, in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Commodity, any Additional Disruption Event(s) specified for 
such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Commodity and an Actual Exercise Date, means each date 
specified as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Commodity. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying 
Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there 
would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; and

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below;  
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Bullion Commodity” means a Commodity which is any of gold, palladium, platinum or silver. 
“Calculation Agent Determination” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Relevant Price 
of the relevant Commodity (or the method for determining the Relevant Price of such Commodity) for the 
Relevant Day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Price and 
any other information it deems relevant. 
“Cancellation” means a Cancellation Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the Warrants will be 
redeemed in accordance with Commodity Condition 3(b).  
“Cancellation Event” means the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event on a Relevant Day and 
the failure or deemed failure of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks to provide a Relevant Price. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines 
that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or (Y) the Issuer 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the 
tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Commodity” means each commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Commodity Dealers” means the four dealers specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if four dealers 
are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Commodity Price” means, in respect of a Commodity, the price or other unit of quotation for such 
Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Commodity Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Delayed Publication and Announcement” means, in respect of a Commodity and a Relevant Day, that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Relevant Day, using 
the Relevant Price for such Relevant Day that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on any succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. The next Disruption Fallback shall apply if the 
Disruption Event continues to exist or the Relevant Price for such Relevant Day continues to be unavailable 
for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (measured from and including the original day for which the Relevant Price was 
sought), subject as provided in Commodity Condition 2.

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
“Delivery Date” means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the relevant date 
or month for delivery of such Commodity: (a) if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that date or that month and year; (b) if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the month of the expiration of the relevant Futures Contract; and (c) if a method is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year 
determined pursuant to such method. 
“Disappearance of Commodity Price” means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (b) the disappearance 
of, or of trading in, such Commodity; (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuation or unavailability 
of the relevant Commodity Price, notwithstanding the availability of the relevant Price Source or the status 
of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in relation to a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity on 
which an applicable Disruption Event occurs. 
“Disruption Event” means each of a Disappearance of Commodity Price, a Material Change in Content, 
a Material Change in Formula, a Price Source Disruption, a Tax Disruption, and a Trading Disruption which 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are deemed to apply as set out in 
Commodity Condition 2(a). 
“Disruption Fallback” means each of Calculation Agent Determination, Cancellation, Delayed Publication 
and Announcement, Fallback Commodity Dealers, Fallback Commodity Price, Postponement which are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are deemed to apply as set out in 
Commodity Condition 2(b). 
“Exchange” means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market specified for such 
Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or principal trading market. 
“Electronic Page” means, in respect of an Underlying, (a) the electronic page or source specified for such 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original Electronic Page or 
(ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different 
from the sponsor). 
“Exercise Price” means the price so specified in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Fallback Commodity Dealers” means, in respect of a Commodity and a Relevant Day, that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Relevant Day on the 
basis of quotations for the Commodity Price of such Commodity provided by Commodity Dealers on such 
date for delivery on the relevant Delivery Date (if applicable). If four quotations are provided as requested, 
then the Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the 
prices provided by each Commodity Dealer, without regard to the highest price and the lowest price. If 
exactly three quotations are provided as requested, then the Relevant Price of such Commodity for such 
Relevant Day will be the price which remains after disregarding the highest price and the lowest price. For 
this purpose, if more than one quotation have the same value, then one such quotation will be disregarded. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Relevant Price of the relevant 
Commodity for such Relevant Day cannot be determined and the next Disruption Fallback shall apply, 
subject as provided in Commodity Condition 2(c).

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
“Fallback Commodity Price” means, in respect of a Commodity and a Relevant Day, that the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Relevant Price of the relevant Commodity for such Relevant Day using the 
Commodity Price specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an alternative Commodity Price. 
“Futures Contract” means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the contract for 
future delivery of a contract size in respect of the Delivery Date relating to such Commodity specified in 
such Commodity Price. 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in securities, 
futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; (ii) stock loan 
transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging 
Party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants. 
“Material Change in Content” means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Trade Date 
of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of such Commodity or the relevant Futures 
Contract. 
“Material Change in Formula” means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Trade Date 
of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Price. 
“Nearby Month” means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Relevant Day, when preceded by a numerical 
adjective, the month of expiration of a Futures Contract identified by means of such numerical adjective, 
so that for example (a) “First Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract 
to expire following such Relevant Day; and (b) “Second Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of 
the second Futures Contract to expire following such Relevant Day. 
“Non-bullion Commodity” means a Commodity other than a Bullion Commodity. 
“Observation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Commodity and an Early Termination Settlement Date, 
means each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity, 
the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity, unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, 
subject as provided in Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a single 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day that already is or is 
deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if such 
day is such a Disrupted Day, then the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price 
or value for that Observation Date in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback 
as set out in this Underlying Schedule; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Price Source” means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication or other source (including an Exchange) 
containing or reporting the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from which such Relevant 
Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Commodity or any successor 
which shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be the Electronic Page.

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
“Postponement” means, in respect of a Relevant Day and any Commodity to be valued on such Relevant 
Day, that such Relevant Day shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of the definition of the 
relevant Relevant Day, subject as provided in Commodity Condition 2(c). 
“Price Source Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price Source 
to announce or publish the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from which such Relevant 
Price is calculated, (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuation or unavailability of the relevant Price 
Source, or (c) if a Relevant Price is “Fallback Commodity Dealers”, the failure to obtain at least three 
quotations as requested from the relevant Commodity Dealers. 
“Relevant Day” means any Averaging Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date or any other day in 
respect of which the Calculation Agent is required to determine the level, price or value of a Commodity. 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of a Commodity and a Relevant Day, the price published or announced 
by or on behalf of the relevant Price Source in respect of such Relevant Day for the relevant Commodity 
Price or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with “Fallback Commodity 
Dealers”. 
“Relevant Tax” means, in respect of a Commodity, any excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such 
Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income). 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, either: 
(i) 
if the Commodity Price for such Commodity is a price published or announced by an Exchange, 
any day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
if the Commodity Price for such Commodity is not a price published or announced by an Exchange, 
any day in respect of which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to announce or publish a price; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of a Bullion Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and New York City (or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to Commodity Warrants and an Actual Exercise Date, any 
original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the 
Valuation Date relating to such Actual Exercise Date. 
“Settlement Date”, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Commodity which are Cash Settled Warrants: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, means the date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth Business 
Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, means the fifth Business 
Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Commodity which are Physical Delivery Warrants, the date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex.

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
“Settlement Price”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Commodity, each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date, subject to the 
provisions of this Underlying Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, means 
an amount equal to the Relevant Price of such Commodity as displayed on the Electronic Page for such 
Commodity on (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, such Relevant Price to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange 
Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Tax Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of a Relevant 
Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the Relevant Price on a day which would 
otherwise be a Relevant Day from what it would have been without such imposition, change or removal. 
“Trading Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, the suspension of or limitation on (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material) trading in (a) such Commodity or the relevant Futures Contract 
on the relevant Exchange, or (b) any additional futures contract or options contract specified for such 
Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms on any exchange, trading system or quotation system on which 
any such futures contract or options contract is traded. For these purposes, a suspension of trading in a 
Commodity or the relevant Futures Contract shall be deemed to be material only if, (a) all such trading is 
suspended for the entire relevant Relevant Day, or (b) all such trading is suspended subsequent to the 
opening of trading on the relevant Relevant Day and does not recommence prior to the scheduled close 
of trading on the relevant Relevant Day, and such suspension is announced less than one hour before the 
start of such suspension. For these purposes, a limitation on trading in a Commodity or the relevant Futures 
Contract on the relevant Relevant Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of such Commodity or Futures Contract may fluctuate 
and the closing or settlement price of such Commodity or Futures Contract on such day is at the upper 
limit or the lower limit of such range. 
“Valid Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, and on which another Averaging Date, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, 
does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, and on which another Observation Date, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement 
Date, does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Commodity and an Actual Exercise Date, means the date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Commodity, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in any 
such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity. If 
such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the Valuation 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of:

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant level, price or value for such date in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback 
as set out in this Underlying Schedule; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
2 
Disrupted Days, Disruption Fallbacks and method of determining the price or level of 
a Commodity on the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
(a) 
Disrupted Days 
For the purposes of the definition of Disrupted Day in Commodity Condition 1: 
If no Disruption Events are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the following Disruption 
Events will apply: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading Disruption; and (C) 
Disappearance of Commodity Price; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading Disruption; (C) 
Disappearance of Commodity Price; (D) Material Change in Formula; and (E) Material Change in 
Content. 
(b) 
Disruption Fallbacks 
If no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then, in order to determine 
the relevant price or level for any Relevant Day, the following Disruption Fallbacks will apply in the 
following order: 
(i) 
first, (if an alternative Commodity Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Fallback 
Commodity Price, 
(ii) 
second, Delayed Publication and Announcement and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other) PROVIDED THAT the price determined by Postponement shall be the 
Relevant Price only if “Delayed Publication and Announcement does not yield a Relevant Price 
within the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(iii) 
third, Calculation Agent Determination, and 
(iv) 
fourth, Cancellation.

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
(c) 
Method of determining the level, price or value of a Commodity on the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
If a day which would otherwise be a Relevant Day is a Disrupted Day for any Commodity, then, in 
order to determine the relevant level, price or value for such Relevant Day, the Relevant Price of 
such Commodity for such Relevant Day shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the Relevant Price of such 
Commodity for such Relevant Day or, if no such Relevant Price can be so determined and unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Cancellation Event shall be deemed to occur. 
The provisions relating to Disrupted Days in the definition of any Relevant Day shall only apply in 
relation to a Commodity where Postponement is the applicable Disruption Fallback. Where the 
applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Postponement, the Relevant Day 
shall not be adjusted in relation to a Commodity, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below 
shall apply thereto and the provisions of the relevant definition shall only apply in relation to 
Underlying(s) which are not Commodities (if any). 
If a price or level of a Commodity is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted Day for such 
Commodity, then the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply. 
3 
Consequences of Adjustment Events and Cancellation Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Commodity, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, take the action described in (a) or (b) below 
and if a Cancellation Event occurs in relation to a Commodity, the Issuer shall, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, take the action described in (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such 
adjustment may include, (A) if “Commodity Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the substitution of the relevant Commodity (the “Substituted Commodity”) by a commodity (the 
“New Commodity”) selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Commodity Substitution 
Criteria (if any) or (B) the issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
(ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If “Commodity Substitution” is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent selects a New Commodity 
in substitution for the Substituted Commodity, the Issuer shall make such other adjustments to the terms 
of the Warrants as it deems appropriate. The Calculation Agent shall make all adjustments arising from 
an Adjustment Event in such a way as to ensure that the direct economic link between the value of the 
Commodity and the value of the Warrants is preserved; or 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, 
any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner 
and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event.

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
4 
Corrections 
If the price or level of a Commodity published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or 
determination made in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Commodity Level”) is published within five Business Days after the original publication and 
at least two Business Days prior to the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as 
the case may be, then such Corrected Commodity Level shall be deemed to be the price or level for such 
Commodity for such day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Commodity Level in 
determining any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
5 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of any determination made by it pursuant to Commodity Condition 3 and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
6 
Disapplication of certain General Conditions 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Commodity, General Condition 5(d) shall be deemed to be 
deleted.

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
SECTION E.9 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7  
DEBT SECURITIES CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Exempt Warrants for an Underlying which is specified 
as being a “Debt Security” in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The terms defined in this Underlying 
Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Debt Securities. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging, in each case, if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and any additional or alternative 
Additional Disruption Events specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Debt Security, a Hedging Illegality, De-listing or any Additional 
Disruption Events specified for such Debt Security in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Averaging Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Debt Security and an Actual Exercise Date, means each date 
specified as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all the relevant Underlyings, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred on that day. If there is such a Market Disruption Event on that day, then, 
subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision 
there would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price 
or value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provisions for determining the Averaging Date in the event of Modified Postponement applying will 
be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court,

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions 
or (Y) the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
“Debt Security” means each debt security specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Debt Security Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any relevant Debt Securities, the Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, such Debt Securities cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-
quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) or another exchange 
or quotation system located in another country which exchange or quotation system and country is deemed 
acceptable by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange” means, in relation to a Debt Security, the exchange or principal trading market specified for 
such Debt Security in the applicable Pricing Supplement or any successor to such exchange or principal 
trading market. 
“Exercise Price” means the price so specified in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Illegality” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that any arrangements made to 
hedge the Issuer’s position under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with or the interpretation of any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange or (ii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) 
purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any Hedging Party 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transactions or assets the Issuer deems necessary to hedge 
the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transactions or assets, PROVIDED THAT any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Market Disruption Event” means the suspension of or limitation imposed on trading either (i) on any 
exchange on which any relevant Debt Security is traded or (ii) on any exchange on which options contracts

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
or futures contracts with respect to any relevant Debt Security are traded if, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is material. 
“Observation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Debt Security and an Early Termination Settlement 
Date, means each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Debt 
Security, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day for such Debt Security, unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has occurred on that day. If there is such a Market 
Disruption Event on that day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date on which a Market Disruption Event 
had occurred; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a 
single Observation Date on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred, 
irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Observation 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Observation Date for 
such Early Termination Settlement Date; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provisions for determining the relevant Observation Date, will be set out 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or value on that Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement 
Date as if such Observation Date were a Valuation Date on which a Market Disruption Event had 
occurred. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the screen page specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in relation to a Debt Security, a day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
“Securities Issuer” means, in respect of a Debt Security, the issuer of such Debt Security as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Settlement Date”, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Debt Security which are Cash Settled Warrants:

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, means the 
date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the 
fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, means the fifth 
Business Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Debt Security which are Physical Delivery Warrants, means 
the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price”, in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, each Unit, and an Actual Exercise Date, subject to this Underlying Schedule and as referred 
to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, as the case may be, 
(a) 
in the case of Warrants relating to a single Debt Security, means an amount equal to the bid price for the 
Debt Security as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for 
such Debt Security appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is 
not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Valuation Date in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, or, if such price is not available, the arithmetic 
mean of the bid prices for such Debt Security at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Security, such bid prices to be expressed as a percentage of the 
nominal amount of the Debt Security; and 
(b) 
in the case of Warrants relating to a basket of Debt Securities, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valuation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Debt Security and an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for such Debt Security, unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event in relation to such Debt Security has occurred 
on that day. If there is such a Market Disruption Event on that day, then, the Valuation Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which there is no 
Market Disruption Event, unless there is a Market Disruption Event occurring on each of the five 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the original date that (but for the Market Disruption Event) 
would have been the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. In that case, (i) the fifth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date (notwithstanding the Market Disruption Event) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Settlement Price in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or 
if not practicable, determine the relevant Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of 
the relevant Settlement Price that would have prevailed but for the Market Disruption Event as of the 
Valuation Time on that fifth Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valuation Time” means, in relation to a Debt Security, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
2 
Market Disruption 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation 
Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation 
Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall not affect the 
validity of the occurrence and effect of such Market Disruption Event. 
3 
De-listing, Hedging Illegality and Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Debt Security, the Issuer may, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event 
and such adjustment may include, (a) if “Debt Security Substitution” is specified as applying in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the substitution of the Debt Security the subject of the Adjustment 
Event (the “Substituted Debt Security”) by debt securities (the “New Debt Securities”) selected 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Debt Security Substitution Criteria (if any) or (b) 
the issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and (ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If “Debt Security Substitution” 
is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and the Calculation Agent selects a 
New Debt Security in substitution for the Substituted Debt Security, the Issuer shall make such 
other adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate; or 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may 
be, held by him an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may 
be, on a day selected by the Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and it occurs, 
the Issuer may, in addition to (i) and (ii) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants or reducing the number of 
Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of an 
Adjustment Event. 
4 
Notifications 
Upon the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Adjustment Event 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
SECTION E.10 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8  
CURRENCY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Non-Exempt or Exempt Warrants for an Underlying 
which is specified as being a “Currency” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined in this Underlying 
Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are a Currency. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as an Averaging Date 
for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for the Subject Currency, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day for the Subject Currency. 
“Base Currency” means the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the screen page specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Relevant Time” means the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in relation to a Subject Currency, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each of the Specified Financial Centres specified for such Subject Currency in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Settlement Price” means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Warrant relating to a single Subject Currency, each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be and an Actual Exercise Date, an amount 
equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on (A), 
if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date or (B), if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into 
the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Base Currency for which one 
unit of the Subject Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic average 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by 
or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange 
rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valuation Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Subject 
Currency, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for the Subject Currency. 
“Valuation Time” means in relation to a Subject Currency, the Relevant Time specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 418 ---
418 
 
2 
Disapplication of certain General Conditions 
(a) 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Subject Currency, General Condition 5(d) shall be deemed to 
be deleted. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the other requirements in respect of an Exercise Notice set out in General Condition 
6(a)(i), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall specify the number of the 
Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited 
with the amount due upon exercise or termination of the Warrants or Units, as the case may be, in respect 
of such Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, as the case may be.

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
SECTION E.11 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 
GILT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Exempt Warrants for an Underlying which is specified 
as being a “Gilt” in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The terms defined in this Underlying Schedule shall 
only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Gilts. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Adjustment Date” means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Warrantholders pursuant 
to Gilt Condition 5 which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty. 
“Appropriate stock exchange” means a stock exchange, market or quotation system on which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, it is customary in the sphere of international finance to list securities such as the 
relevant Warrants. 
“Averaging Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Gilt and an Actual Exercise Date, means each date specified 
as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including compliance with 
rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty. 
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty. 
“Gilt” and “Gilts” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Gilt Condition 2, each gilt specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Gilt Substitution Event” means the occurrence of a substitution of a New Gilt for a Substituted Gilt 
pursuant to Gilt Condition 4. 
“National Currency Unit” means the unit of the currency of a country, as such unit is defined on the day 
before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London. 
“Settlement Date”, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Gilt which are Cash Settled Warrants:

--- Page 420 ---
420 
 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, means the 
date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the 
fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, means the fifth 
Business Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Gilt which are Physical Delivery Warrants, means the date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(c) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price” means, in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date, the market value for the relevant 
Gilt at approximately the relevant Valuation Time on the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
“Valuation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Gilt and an Actual Exercise Date, means the date specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, means the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valuation Time” means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
2 
Settlement Disruption 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Gilt only, the second paragraph of General Condition 5(c)(iii) shall 
be deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following: 
“For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of an Actual Exercise Date or Early Termination Event, 
as the case may be, is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then the Issuer may 
elect to substitute the Gilts comprising the Entitlement as provided in Underlying Schedule 9 – Gilt 
Conditions.” 
3 
Substitution 
In the event that “Gilt Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute for the relevant Gilt (the “Substituted Gilt”) such other “gilt-edged 
securities” (within the meaning of the Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992) (the “New Gilt”) as it 
considers appropriate in its commercially reasonable discretion. If the Calculation Agent selects a New Gilt 
in substitution for the Substituted Gilt, the Issuer may make such other adjustments to the terms of the 
Warrants as it deems appropriate to reflect such substitution. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of any Gilt Substitution 
Event.

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
4 
Corrections 
If the price of a Gilt published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Gilt Price”) is 
published within five Business Days after the original publication and at least two Business Days prior to 
the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, then such 
Corrected Gilt Price shall be deemed to be the price for such Gilt for such day and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Gilt Price in determining any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Warrants. 
5 
Notifications 
Upon the occurrence of a Gilt Substitution Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 stating the occurrence of the Gilt Substitution 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
6 
Disapplication of certain General Conditions 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Gilt, General Condition 5(d), General Condition 5(f) and the first 
paragraph of General Condition 8 shall be deemed to be deleted.

--- Page 422 ---
422 
 
SECTION E.12 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 
PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Exempt Warrants for an Underlying which is specified 
as being a “Proprietary Index” in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The terms defined in this Underlying 
Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Proprietary Indices. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meaning given to them in the 
General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means, in relation to a Proprietary Index, any of Change in Law, Tax 
Disruption, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case, if specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, and any additional or alternative Additional Disruption Events specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Proprietary Index, any Additional Disruption Event specified 
for the relevant Proprietary Index in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Averaging Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Proprietary Index and an Actual Exercise Date, means each 
date specified as an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision 
there would not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price 
or value on the final Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for such 
Actual Exercise Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplements, that 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplements immediately following that originally designated Averaging Date; 
and

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Averaging Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of the definition 
of “Valuation Date” below; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates). 
“Component” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, each component index, security, commodity or 
other asset included in such Proprietary Index. 
“Component Disrupted Day” means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which the price, level or value of such Component and/or any 
sub-component of such Component and/or any related futures contracts, options contracts or securities 
(each a “Relevant Component”) is not published (or publication is delayed) and/or cannot be determined 
and/or is otherwise disrupted (including, without limitation, by way of a suspension, limitation and/or 
disruption of trading in the Relevant Component and/or the failure to open or the early closure of any 
relevant exchange), however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Component Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which the price, level or value of such Component is 
scheduled to be determined, however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
“Component Valuation Roll” means the number specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
or, if no number is so specified, eight. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Proprietary 
Index in respect of which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Proprietary Index. 
“Electronic Page” means, in respect of an Underlying, (a) the electronic page or source specified for such 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original Electronic Page or 
(ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different 
from the sponsor).

--- Page 424 ---
424 
 
“Hedging Disruption” means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Warrants, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by a Hedging Party in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED THAT any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging 
Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Index Conditions” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Proprietary Index from time to time, as published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
“Index Currency” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the currency (if any) specified for such 
Proprietary Index in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Index Level” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, the level of such 
Proprietary Index, as published on the applicable Electronic Page in respect of such Scheduled Trading 
Day (irrespective of the time and date on which such level is so published). 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of a Propriety Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Proprietary Index and (b) calculates and publishes (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Proprietary Index on a regular basis. If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Index Sponsor will be the Index Administrator (as defined in the relevant Index Conditions) 
notwithstanding that another entity is specified as the Index Sponsor in such Index Conditions.  
“Index Substitution Criteria” means the criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Observation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Proprietary Index and an Early Termination Settlement Date, 
means each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below will 
apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date as if such 
Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
“Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant level, price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date 
were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination 
Settlement Date; 
(C) 
“Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination 
Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Observation Date), 
and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that 
Observation Date in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iii) of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally designated Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price

--- Page 426 ---
426 
 
or value for that Observation Date, in accordance with its good faith estimate of the level of 
the Proprietary Index on or for that Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Proprietary Indices” and “Proprietary Index” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Underlying Schedule, the proprietary indices or the proprietary index specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Proprietary Index Adjustment Event” means, in relation to a Proprietary Index, a Proprietary Index 
Modification, a Proprietary Index Cancellation, a Proprietary Index Disruption or a Proprietary Index 
Restriction Event. 
“Proprietary Index Restriction Event” means, in relation to a Proprietary Index, the occurrence of 
circumstances in which (i) the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person using a Proprietary Index 
in connection with the Warrants is prevented from using or (ii) it is not commercially reasonable for any 
such entity to continue the use of, such Proprietary Index, in each case as a result of: 
(i) 
any applicable legal restrictions; or 
(ii) 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant 
licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any such other 
person is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of 
the Warrants and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or 
there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
“Relevant Day” means a day in respect of which the Calculation Agent is required to calculate the level of 
the relevant Proprietary Index. 
“Relevant Tax” means, in respect of a Component or other asset relating to such Component, any excise, 
severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference 
to, overall gross or net income). 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, a day in respect of which the level of the Proprietary Index is scheduled to 
be calculated, however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, any original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Valuation Date relating to such 
Actual Exercise Date. 
“Settlement Date”, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Proprietary Index which are Cash Settled Warrants: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, means the 
date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the 
fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or, where 
the Warrants relate to a futures contract or an options contract, the Expiry Date, or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, means the fifth 
Business Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; 
and in respect of Warrants relating to a single Proprietary Index which are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and

--- Page 427 ---
427 
 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Settlement Price”: 
(a) 
in relation to a Warrant relating to a single Proprietary Index, or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date, subject to the 
provisions of this Underlying Schedule and as referred to in the definitions of “Valuation Date” or 
“Averaging Date”, as the case may be, means an amount (which, if an Index Currency is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal 
to the Index Level on or for, as the case may be, (A) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (B) if 
Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an Averaging Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a basket of Proprietary Indices, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Tax Disruption” means, in relation to a Component, the imposition of, change in or removal of a Relevant 
Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of the Proprietary Index on a day which 
would otherwise be a Relevant Day from what it would have been without such imposition, change or 
removal. 
“Valid Date” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Proprietary 
Index that is not a Disrupted Day, and on which another Averaging Date for such Proprietary Index, in 
relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day for such Proprietary 
Index, that is not a Disrupted Day for such Proprietary Index and on which another Observation Date for 
such Proprietary Index, in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, does not or is not 
deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date”: 
(a) 
in respect of Warrants linked to a single Proprietary Index and an Actual Exercise Date, means the date 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, unless in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject 
as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date shall 
be the earliest of: 
(i) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(iii) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day.  
If the relevant Valuation Date falls within (ii) or (iii) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
is a Disrupted Day, (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such date in the

--- Page 428 ---
428 
 
manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine 
the relevant level, price or value for such date, in accordance with its good faith estimate of the level 
of the Proprietary Index on or for that Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
2 
Determination of the Settlement Price of a Proprietary Index on a Component 
Disrupted Day 
(a) 
This Proprietary Index Condition 2 shall only apply where “Component Valuation” is specified as 
applicable for a Proprietary Index in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Where “Component Valuation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if a 
Relevant Day for a Proprietary Index (i) is not a Component Scheduled Trading Day or (ii) is a Component 
Disrupted Day, in either case, in respect of one or more of the Components of such Proprietary Index 
(each such Component, an “Affected Component” and each such date an “Affected Relevant Date”), 
then any level of the Proprietary Index published in respect of such Relevant Day, may be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent and the Settlement Price in respect of such Relevant Day may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as the level of such Proprietary Index for such Relevant Day determined in 
accordance with the then-current methodology for calculating the level of the Proprietary Index, but using: 
(i) 
with respect to each Component which is not an Affected Component, the price, level or value of 
each such Component at the relevant time on the relevant Affected Relevant Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Affected Component, the price, level or value for each such Affected 
Component at the relevant time on the earlier of (i) the first succeeding Component Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Affected Component immediately following the relevant Affected Relevant 
Date that is not a Component Disrupted Day for such Affected Component and (ii) the Component 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the Component Valuation Roll number of Component Scheduled 
Trading Days for such Component immediately following the relevant Affected Relevant Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if, pursuant to the above, the Relevant Day for any Component determined 
as provided above would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Component 
Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to be 
made under the Warrants (the “Component Cut-off Date”), such Relevant Day for such 
Affected Component shall be deemed to be the Component Cut-off Date (notwithstanding 
that such date either (A) is not a Component Scheduled Trading Day for such Component or 
(B) is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component) and the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(iii) below shall apply; 
(iii) 
if the Relevant Day for any Component (as determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) 
above) is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component or is determined to occur on the 
Component Cut-off Date (as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) above), then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the price, level or value of the relevant Component in the manner (as specified in 
the relevant Index Conditions) in which the price, level or value of such disrupted Component 
would be determined on a date which is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component (for the 
avoidance of doubt, without regard to any valuation roll). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and/or a Component Disrupted Day on any 
day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and/or a Component Disrupted Day, would have been 
a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders 
as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the

--- Page 429 ---
429 
 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and/or a Component Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the 
occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day and/or Component Disrupted Day. 
3 
Adjustments to a Proprietary Index 
(a) 
Successor Proprietary Index 
If a Proprietary Index is (i) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Index 
Sponsor but is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant Index 
Sponsor (a “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Proprietary Index, 
then, in each case, that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the relevant Proprietary 
Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Proprietary Index 
If, in respect of a Proprietary Index, (I) on or prior to any Relevant Day, the relevant Index Sponsor 
or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating such Proprietary Index or in any other way materially 
modifies such Proprietary Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain such Proprietary Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine 
events) (a “Proprietary Index Modification”), or permanently cancels such Proprietary Index and 
no Successor Index exists (a “Proprietary Index Cancellation”), or (II) on or prior to any Relevant 
Day the Index Sponsor or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its 
behalf fails to calculate and announce such Proprietary Index (a “Proprietary Index Disruption” or 
(III) a Proprietary Index Restriction Event occurs at any time, then the Issuer may, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, take action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Warrants and, if so, to either (A) in relation to any Relevant Day, calculate 
the relevant level using, in lieu of a published level for that Proprietary Index, the level for that 
Proprietary Index as at the relevant time in respect of that Relevant Day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the Proprietary Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Components that comprised such Proprietary Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event and for which purpose, any determination of the value of any 
Component shall be made by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate PROVIDED THAT, pursuant to the above, the Issuer shall not require the Calculation 
Agent to calculate the relevant level of the Proprietary Index on more than one consecutive 
Relevant Day, or (B) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms 
of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event, which adjustment may include, if “Proprietary Index 
Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the substitution of the 
relevant Proprietary Index by a replacement index (the “Substitute Proprietary Index”) selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation used 
in the calculation of the level of such Proprietary Index or a replacement index selected by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Index Substitution Criteria (if any)). If “Proprietary Index 
Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Calculation 
Agent selects a Substitute Proprietary Index in substitution for the relevant Proprietary Index, the 
Issuer shall make such adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate; or

--- Page 430 ---
430 
 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 
11. If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Warrantholder in respect 
of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the 
case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as 
the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, taking into account the Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on behalf of the 
relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
4 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Proprietary Index, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, take the action described in (a) or 
(b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment Event and such 
adjustment may include, (A) if “Proprietary Index Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the substitution of the relevant Proprietary Index by a Substitute Proprietary Index 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation used in the 
calculation of the level of such Proprietary Index or, in the case of Exempt Warrants, a replacement index 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Index Substitution Criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, or (B) the issue of additional Warrants, if so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants. If 
“Proprietary Index Substitution” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and the 
Calculation Agent selects a new index in substitution for the Substituted Index, the Issuer shall make 
such other adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as it deems appropriate. The Calculation Agent shall 
make all adjustments arising from an Adjustment Event in such a way as to ensure that the direct 
economic link between the value of the Proprietary Index and the value of the Warrants is preserved; or 
(b) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, on a day selected by 
the Issuer, taking into account the Adjustment Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements but taking into account, if already paid by or on 
behalf of the relevant Warrantholder and if applicable, any Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be 
notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and it occurs, 
the Issuer may, in addition to (a) and (b) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments 
to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto 
Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be due under the Warrants.

--- Page 431 ---
431 
 
5 
Corrections 
If the level of a Proprietary Index published on any day and which is utilised for any calculation or 
determination made in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Index Level”) is published by or on behalf of the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor 
Index Sponsor within 30 calendar days after the original publication and at least two Business Days prior 
to the relevant Settlement Date or Early Termination Settlement Date, as the case may be, then such 
Corrected Index Level shall be deemed to be the level for such Proprietary Index for such day and the 
Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Index Level in determining any amounts payable or deliverable 
in respect of the Warrants. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if pursuant to the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 4, the level of a 
Proprietary Index published for a Relevant Day is disregarded by the Calculation Agent, any correction of 
the level of the relevant Proprietary Index which has been disregarded shall also be disregarded. 
6 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11, of any determination made by it pursuant to Proprietary Index Conditions 2 and 3 
above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
7 
Disapplication of certain General Conditions 
For the purpose of Warrants relating to a Proprietary Index, General Condition 5(d) shall be deemed to be 
deleted.

--- Page 432 ---
432 
 
SECTION E.13 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 
CREDIT WARRANTS CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Exempt Warrants for an Underlying which is specified 
as being a “Credit” in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The terms defined in this Underlying Schedule 
shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Credit. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule or the applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
Credit Warrants may only be issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. and may 
only be represented by a Permanent Global Warrant. 
1 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Underlying Schedule only: 
“2014 Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA® Credit Derivatives Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”).  
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging, in each case, if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Adjustment Event” means each Credit Linked Adjustment Event and any Additional Disruption Event(s) 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Buyer” has the meaning given under the Notional Transaction and, where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, includes the Swaption Buyer. 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, in respect of an Exercise Date and for the purposes of Settlement on 
Exercise Condition 1 and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency equal to a pro rata share of the Notional Transaction Settlement Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant Hedging Positions or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in 
tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates). 
“Credit Linked Adjustment Event” means: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Substitution Event under a Notional Transaction, a Reference Obligation 
no longer exists or no Substitute Reference Obligation is determined; or 
(b) 
any existing Hedging Positions, or the ability of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate to enter into new Hedging 
Positions, are affected by any change in any standard terms used in any relevant market (such standard 
terms including, without limitation, any version of the 2014 Definitions, any supplements thereto or any 
other terms or documentation that may be published by ISDA from time to time, and such a change 
including, without limitation, any amendment to or reinterpretation of any standard terms or the 
publication or introduction of new standard terms) or in market practice in any relevant market.

--- Page 433 ---
433 
 
“Exercise Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
following delivery of one or more Trigger Notices in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event which are deemed to specify an Exercise Amount of less than the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount under the Notional Transaction, the Business Day following (a) each Event 
Determination Date (as defined under the Notional Transaction) which occurs under the Notional 
Transaction and (b) the last date on which an Event Determination Date could occur under the 
Notional Transaction; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Business Day following either (a) if an Event Determination Date occurs under the 
Notional Transaction, the Event Determination Date or (b) the last date on which an Event 
Determination Date could occur under the Notional Transaction. 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Business Day following (a) each 
Event Determination Date which occurs under the Notional Transaction and (b) the last date on which 
an Event Determination Date (as defined under the Notional Transaction) could occur under the Notional 
Transaction. 
(c) 
in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Business Day prior to the 
Expiration Date under the Notional Transaction. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Positions” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), PROVIDED THAT any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Notional Auction Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Auction Settlement Amount payable under the Notional Transaction. 
“Notional Cash Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Notional Transaction. 
“Notional Transaction” means a hypothetical credit default swap or index swaption or other transaction 
(as described in the applicable Pricing Supplement) with the Swap Counterparty on the Notional

--- Page 434 ---
434 
 
Transaction Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, such Notional Transaction shall include any “New Trade” 
entered into pursuant to the terms of any Index CDS. 
“Notional Transaction Settlement Amount” means, in respect of an Exercise Date, the Notional Auction 
Settlement Amount, the Notional Cash Settlement Amount or the Notional Unwind Amount, as applicable, 
payable under the Notional Transaction relating to such Exercise Date or, if none, zero. 
“Notional Transaction Terms” means a swap confirmation substantially in the form annexed to the 
applicable Pricing Supplement forming part of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement between the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty, documented on the basis that the Notional Transaction is the single transaction 
under such Master Agreement. 
“Notional Unwind Amount” means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction 
is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the amount (if any) which would be payable by the Swaption Seller to the 
Swaption Buyer (expressed as an amount in the Settlement Currency) under the Notional Transaction in 
the event that the Notional Transaction is terminated on the Exercise Date of the Warrants and on the 
basis that the Swaption Seller was not the Affected Party. 
“Seller” has the meaning given under the Notional Transaction and, where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, includes the Swaption Seller. 
“Settlement Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Settlement Date (as defined 
under the Notional Transaction) relating to the relevant Event Determination Date or, if none, the Exercise 
Date. 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Settlement Date (as defined 
under the Notional Transaction) relating to the relevant Event Determination Date or, if none, the Exercise 
Date. 
(c) 
in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is 
specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement following the Exercise Date. 
“Swap Counterparty” means the entity specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Threshold Percentage” means the percentage specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Trigger Notice” means, in respect of a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified 
to be a Single Name CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a notice from a 
Warrantholder to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent delivered in the form attached to the applicable 
Pricing Supplement in accordance with Credit Condition 10 below either: 
(a) 
describing a relevant Credit Event and containing information that, in the determination of such 
Warrantholder, constitutes Publicly Available Information in relation to that Credit Event (for which 
purposes references in the definition of Publicly Available Information to “Credit Event Notice” will be 
deemed to be to “Trigger Notice” and references to “Notifying Party” will be deemed to be to the relevant 
Warrantholder). The Trigger Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the relevant Credit Event has occurred and a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. The Credit Event that is the subject of 
the Trigger Notice need not be continuing on the date the Trigger Notice is effective.

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
A Warrantholder may only deliver a Trigger Notice in respect of a Credit Event if: 
(i) 
Buyer has the right to deliver a Credit Event Notice with respect to the relevant event under the 
Notional Transaction; and 
(ii) 
where if Restructuring is the Credit Event the subject of the relevant Trigger Notice, the Trigger 
Notice is delivered on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date 
applicable to Buyer under the Notional Transaction; or 
(b) 
describing a relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and containing information that, in the 
determination of such Warrantholder, constitutes Publicly Available Information in relation to that 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (for which purposes references in the definition of Publicly Available 
Information to “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” will be deemed to be to “Trigger Notice” and 
references to “Notifying Party” will be deemed to be to the relevant Warrantholder). The Trigger Notice 
must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that the relevant 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred, indicating the date of the occurrence, and a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Trigger Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Trigger Notice is effective. A Warrantholder may only deliver a Trigger Notice in respect of a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if Buyer has the right to deliver a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice with 
respect to the relevant event under the Notional Transaction and the Trigger Notice is delivered on or 
prior to the day falling 12 calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date of the Notional 
Transaction. 
Terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall be as defined in the relevant Notional Transaction. 
2 
Exercise and Settlement 
(a) 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a 
Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and subject as provided below, 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be 
a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be European Style Warrants which 
are Cash Settled Warrants and the provisions of General Condition 5(a)(ii) shall apply thereto. 
If Trigger Notice(s) is/are submitted in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring and pursuant to Credit 
Condition 4(d) below such Trigger Notices are deemed to specify an Exercise Amount of less than 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount under the Notional Transaction, notwithstanding that 
the Credit Warrants relate to a Single Name CDS, such Warrants shall instead be deemed to be 
Multiple Exercise Cash Settled Warrants and the provisions of General Condition 5(a)(iii) shall apply 
thereto. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 
11 if the Warrants become Multiple Exercise Warrants pursuant to the above. 
Automatic Exercise shall apply in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Single Name CDS. 
(b) 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an 
Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Credit Warrants relating to a 
Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall be Multiple Exercise Cash Settled Warrants and the provisions 
of General Condition 5(a)(iii) shall apply thereto.

--- Page 436 ---
436 
 
Automatic Exercise shall apply in respect of Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction 
where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(c) 
Credit Warrants relating to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an 
Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Credit Warrants relating to a 
Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall be European Style Cash Settled Warrants and the provisions 
of General Condition 5(a)(ii) shall apply thereto. 
Automatic Exercise shall apply in respect of Credit Warrants relating to an Index Swaption. 
3 
Determinations and Discretions 
The Warrants are linked to a hypothetical credit default swap or index swaption. For the purposes of making 
calculations under the Warrants, the Issuer is deemed on the Issue Date to have entered into the Notional 
Transaction with the Swap Counterparty on the Notional Transaction Terms. For the purposes of the 
Warrants, the Notional Transaction shall be construed as if it had been entered into on its terms. 
In the event that the terms of the Notional Transaction provide for Buyer, Seller or the Calculation Agent 
under the Notional Transaction (the “Swap Calculation Agent”) to make a determination or calculation or 
exercise a discretion pursuant to the Notional Transaction (including, without limitation to the generality of 
the foregoing, in respect of the valuation of Reference Obligations and the selection of Dealers for such 
purposes, the identification of any Successors (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the giving of any 
Successor Notice) and Substitute Reference Obligations and the occurrence of any Event Determination 
Date, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Notional Transaction), such determination, 
calculation or such exercise of a discretion, as the case may be, shall be made by (i) in the case of Buyer 
(subject as provided in below), the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, (ii) in the case of Seller, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion, or (iii) in 
the case of the Swap Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion. In 
making any determination pursuant to (ii) above in its capacity as Seller under the Notional Transaction, 
the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion, is under no obligation to consider the 
interests of the Warrantholders and shall have no duties or responsibilities and shall not be liable to 
Warrantholders or any other party in exercising such discretions and making such determinations and 
calculations. 
4 
Notices under the Notional Transaction 
(a) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name 
CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will deliver a Credit 
Event Notice and a Notice of Publicly Available Information on behalf of Buyer pursuant to the Notional 
Transaction in accordance with sub-paragraph (g) below with respect to the Credit Event the subject of 
a Trigger Notice if: 
(i) 
one or more Warrantholder(s), together holding not less than the Threshold Percentage of 
Warrants outstanding, deliver(s) a valid Trigger Notice in respect of the relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with Credit Condition 10 below; 
(ii) 
Trigger Notices in respect of not less than the Threshold Percentage number of Warrants are 
delivered not more than 50 calendar days after the occurrence of the Credit Event; and

--- Page 437 ---
437 
 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that information contained in the Trigger Notice constitutes 
Publicly Available Information in respect of the relevant Credit Event (for which purposes 
references in the definition of Publicly Available Information to “Credit Event Notice” will be 
deemed to be to “Trigger Notice” and references to “Notifying Party” will be deemed to be to the 
relevant Warrantholder) in relation to the relevant Credit Event. 
If Trigger Notices are delivered in respect of different Credit Events, the Credit Event in respect of 
which Trigger Notice(s) from Warrantholder(s) holding the Threshold Percentage of Warrants 
outstanding first delivered in accordance with Credit Condition 10 below will apply for the purposes 
of the Warrants. 
(b) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name 
CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if Repudiation/Moratorium is a Credit Event 
under the terms of the Notional Transaction, the Calculation Agent will deliver a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and a Notice of Publicly Available Information on behalf of Buyer pursuant to the 
Notional Transaction in accordance with sub-paragraph (g) below with respect to a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if one or more Warrantholders, together holding not less than the Threshold 
Percentage of Warrants outstanding, delivers valid Trigger Notices in respect of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium in accordance with Credit Condition 10 below on or prior to the day falling 12 
calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date of the Notional Transaction and the Calculation 
Agent determines that information contained in the Trigger Notice constitutes Publicly Available 
Information in respect of the relevant Credit Event (for which purposes references in the definition of 
Publicly Available Information to “Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” will be deemed to be to “Trigger 
Notice” and references to “Notifying Party” will be deemed to be to the relevant Warrantholder) in relation 
to the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Event. 
(c) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name 
CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if Restructuring is a Credit Event under the 
terms of the Notional Transaction and either “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” applies, if the right to exercise the 
Movement Option applies under the Notional Transaction, both Buyer and Seller will be deemed to have 
delivered an effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option under the Notional Transaction on or prior to 
the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
(d) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name 
CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if, in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring 
under the Notional Transaction, more than one Warrantholder delivers a Trigger Notice in respect of such 
M(M)R Restructuring and any such Trigger Notice specifies an Exercise Amount of less than the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount under the Notional Transaction, then, subject as provided in Credit 
Condition 4(a) above, the Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be instructed to deliver a Credit Event 
Notice on behalf of Buyer in respect of the highest Exercise Amount specified in any such Trigger Notice 
received at or prior to the time the Threshold Percentage is achieved or, if any such Trigger Notice does 
not specify an Exercise Amount, the full amount of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount under 
the Notional Transaction. 
(e) 
In the event that the terms of the Notional Transaction provide for Buyer, Seller and/or the Swap 
Calculation Agent to agree or consult with each other in respect of any calculation or determination in 
respect of the Notional Transaction, such obligation shall be deemed not to apply and to be replaced by 
the obligation of the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion, to make the relevant 
calculation or determination. 
(f) 
In the event that the terms of the Notional Transaction oblige Buyer, Seller or the Swap Calculation Agent 
to give or deliver a notice other than a Credit Event Notice, a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
or a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to any person, subject to any confidentiality restrictions as

--- Page 438 ---
438 
 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall give or deliver such notice to the Issuer. Upon such delivery, 
the relevant notice shall be deemed to be validly given pursuant to the Notional Transaction. As soon as 
reasonably practicable after delivery of such notice to the Issuer and subject to any confidentiality 
restrictions as provided below, copies of any such notice shall be made available, upon request by any 
Warrantholder who provides evidence satisfactory to the Principal Warrant Agent of their holding of 
Warrants, at the specified office of the Principal Warrant Agent. 
(g) 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name 
CDS or an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Credit Event Notice, 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or any Notice to Exercise Movement Option to be given 
pursuant to the terms of the Notional Transaction, subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided 
below, the Calculation Agent shall deliver such notice to the Issuer. Upon such delivery, the relevant 
notice shall be deemed to be validly given pursuant to the Notional Transaction. As soon as reasonably 
practicable after delivery of such notice to the Issuer and subject to any confidentiality restrictions as 
provided below, a copy of such notice shall be delivered to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11. 
(h) 
Where the content of any notice relates to confidential information (which may include, inter alia, 
information relating to a Credit Event): (i) the Calculation Agent may require the Issuer and/or any 
Warrantholder to enter into a confidentiality agreement on such terms as the Calculation Agent may 
specify; or (ii) such notice may not be made available to the Issuer and/or any Warrantholder (as 
applicable). 
(i) 
The failure by the Calculation Agent to give or deliver any notice in relation to the Notional Transaction 
to the Warrantholders (whether or not such failure is attributable to confidentiality restrictions) shall not 
result in a breach of the Conditions or affect the validity of any notice (including any Credit Event Notice, 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or any Notice to Exercise Movement Option) deemed to have 
been given pursuant to the Notional Transaction. 
5 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
In relation to a Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the event that the Notional Transaction is terminated pursuant to 
Section 11.4 of the 2014 Definitions, the Issuer will cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders 
in accordance with General Condition 11. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, on a day selected by the Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such 
manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11. 
6 
Successors and New Trades 
Where (i) more than one Successor (as defined in the Notional Transaction) is determined pursuant to the 
Notional Transaction or (ii) if a “New Trade” is deemed to be entered into pursuant to the terms of any 
Notional Transaction where the Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of the Conditions as it shall determine to be 
appropriate to reflect the corresponding division of, entry into and (if applicable) adjustment to the Notional 
Transaction and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment.

--- Page 439 ---
439 
 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 giving details thereof and the proposed 
action to the taken in relation thereto. 
7 
Suspension 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the necessary conditions for determining an Event Determination 
Date have occurred or may have occurred under the Notional Transaction, the Calculation Agent may, at 
its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of the Conditions (including, without limitation, 
any exercise or settlement provisions and any other provisions of this Underlying Schedule) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, 
a “Suspension Period”) until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal. During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
Warrantholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the exercise and/or 
settlement of the Credit Warrants. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements of these Conditions that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume in the manner specified by the Calculation Agent and, 
in the event of the occurrence of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the Conditions as may be 
necessary or appropriate either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect 
such suspension and (y) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
8 
Amendments relating to Event Determination Dates 
If, in accordance with the provisions of the Notional Transaction, following the determination of an Event 
Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or (ii) not to have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will determine (A) such adjustment(s) to the Conditions (including, without 
limitation, any adjustment to any Exercise Date, Settlement Date and/or Settlement Amount(s)) as may be 
necessary or appropriate to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-
occurrence, of such Event Determination Date and (B) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
9 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If, in accordance with the provisions of the Notional Transaction, following the publication of a DC 
Resolution (the “Prior DC Resolution”) a further DC Resolution (the “Further DC Resolution”) is 
published, the effect of which would be to reverse all or part of the Prior DC Resolution, or, if any DC 
Resolution would reverse any determination made by Buyer, Seller and/or the Swap Calculation Agent 
and/or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any other provisions of the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make any adjustment(s) that 
the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or appropriate to the Conditions to reflect the publication of 
such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or 
effect of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Hedging Positions. 
10 Notices to Issuer and Calculation Agent 
Any Trigger Notice from a Warrantholder to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will be validly given if 
delivered in writing to the Issuer at 31 – Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Luxembourg; fax number: +352 
451 414 75; attention The Managers and the Calculation Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; e-mail: creditderiv.structuring@citi.com; attention 
European Credit Structuring. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day when

--- Page 440 ---
440 
 
delivered to both the Issuer and the Calculation Agent or if delivered to the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent after 5.00 p.m. (London time) on any day or on any day on which commercial banks were not open 
for business in London, the first day thereafter on which such notice has been delivered to both the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent prior to 5.00 p.m. (London time) and commercial banks are open for business 
in London. The relevant Warrantholder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Calculation Agent of its 
holding of the relevant Warrants. 
Any notice given pursuant to the above shall be deemed to be received by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, in the case of communication by fax, when an acknowledgement of receipt is 
received, in the case of communication by e-mail, when an acknowledgement of receipt is received (other 
than an “out of office” or similar reply), or, in the case of communication by letter, when the letter is 
delivered, in each case in the manner required by the above. 
11 Adjustment Events 
(a) 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
If an Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (A) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the Adjustment 
Event, and (B) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Warrants; or 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may 
be, held by him an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may 
be, on a day selected by the Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If an Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
it occurs, the Issuer may, in addition to (i) and (ii) above, require the Calculation Agent to make such 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or 
appropriate to pass onto Warrantholders the increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may 
include, but is not limited to, reducing any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under 
the Warrants or reducing the number of Relevant Assets which would otherwise be deliverable 
under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of 
an Adjustment Event. 
(b) 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (a) above and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
12 Additional provisions 
Where, pursuant to General Condition 9, some but not all of the Warrants are purchased and cancelled or 
pursuant to General Condition 13 additional Warrants are issued, the Calculation Agent may adjust the 
Conditions (including, without limitation, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount and/or the Original

--- Page 441 ---
441 
 
Notional Amount under the Notional Transaction), as it determines to be appropriate, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, to preserve for the Warrantholders the economic equivalent of 
the payment obligations of the Issuer (if any) in respect of the outstanding Warrants after the purchase and 
cancellation or issue, as the case may be, of such Warrants. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 giving details thereof.

--- Page 442 ---
442 
 
SECTION E.14 – UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 
RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply in respect of Exempt Warrants or Non-Exempt Warrants for an 
Underlying which is specified as being a “Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms. The terms defined in this 
Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of Warrants linked to Underlyings which are Rates.  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Underlying Schedule have the meaning given to them in the 
General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the applicable 
Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
“Adjustment Event” means, in respect of a Rate, a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption and Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law, rule, order, directive or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Issuer determines that (i) ) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Hedging 
Positions, or (ii) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Warrants (including without limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Correction Period” means, in respect of a Rate, two Business Days.  
“Disrupted Day” shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to Valuation). 
“Electronic Page” means in respect of a Rate, the electronic page or source specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such 
sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider designated by the 
relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such sponsor) or any alternative electronic page 
or source designated by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is not necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such 
successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be 
either the originally designated electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as 
selected by the Calculation Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of a Rate, 
then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) if there is any 
discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant Electronic Pages for any 
Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation Agent shall be used for such 
Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is 
published on one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price 
or level for the purpose of determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Warrants and no 
Disrupted Day shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s). 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable or would be unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that it deems necessary to hedge or be able to hedge the price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Warrants; or (ii) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 443 ---
443 
 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in securities, 
futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; (ii) stock loan 
transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into or maintained by 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the 
Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations under the Warrants; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to 
the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Observation Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to a single Rate and an Early Termination Settlement Date, each 
date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate, the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying 
Schedule: 
(i) 
where more than one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, 
if: 
(A) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be an Observation Date in respect of 
such Early Termination Settlement Date, then the provisions of paragraph (B) 
below will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on 
the final Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement Date 
as if such Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a single 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to 
such determination, that deferred Observation Date would fall on a day that already 
is or is deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early Termination Settlement 
Date; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date shall 
be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms immediately following that originally 
designated Observation Date; and

--- Page 444 ---
444 
 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination 
Settlement Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then (X) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already 
an Observation Date), and (Y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or 
value for that Observation Date in accordance with Rate Condition 4(c) (Calculation of the 
Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day). 
(ii) 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if, 
such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in this Underlying Schedule, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date shall be the earliest 
of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms immediately following that originally designated 
Observation Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
If the relevant Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day is a Disrupted Day, (I) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Observation Date 
in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day) and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for 
that Observation Date in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not 
practicable, determine the relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in relation to a 
Rate in accordance with Rate Condition 4(c) (Calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate 
on a Disrupted Day); or 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex.  
“Rate” means (a) each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or (b) in respect of 
Warrants relating to a basket of Rates, shall have the meaning given to such term in the Multi-Underlying 
Annex. 
“Rate Condition” means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in respect of 
a Rate, shall have the meaning given for such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Settlement Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in relation to a single Rate, the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is 
so specified, the fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, 
and 
(b) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex.

--- Page 445 ---
445 
 
“Settlement Price” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Warrants relating to a single Rate, in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date (and subject to 
this Underlying Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date”) an amount equal to the Underlying 
Closing Level in respect of the Rate at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date; and  
(b) 
in the case of Warrants relating to more than one underlying, shall have the meaning given to such term 
in the Multi-Underlying Annex.  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
“Valid Date” means for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, in respect of a Rate, a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for such Rate, and on which another Observation Date, 
in relation to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date for such Rate, does not or is not deemed to 
occur. 
2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
“Underlying Closing Level” means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the rate (expressed 
as a percentage) specified to be such Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) 
on such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as of the Valuation Time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation Time which may not be 
the “closing time” and a Rate may only be determined once on any Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Valuation Time 
 
“Valuation Date”: 
(i) 
in respect of Warrants relating to a single Rate and an Actual Exercise Date, means the date 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Actual Exercise Date, as adjusted in accordance 
with Rate Condition 4; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the Multi-Underlying Annex. 
“Valuation Time means, in respect of a Rate, the Relevant Time specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
3 
Disruption to Valuation 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on which the 
Electronic Page is not available or percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled Trading Day does not 
appear on the Electronic Page and/or the Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator 
or a relevant authorised distributor and/or a component of the relevant Rate is not provided or published. 
4 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices of levels 
If “Correction Provisions” are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms then, in the event 
that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of a Rate for any time on any day which is

--- Page 446 ---
446 
 
published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity responsible for such publication or 
announcement and which is used for any calculation or determination made in respect of the 
Warrants is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the “Corrected Level”) is published by or 
on behalf of such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after the original publication 
(and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a payment or delivery is 
scheduled to be made under the Warrants) (the “Relevant Scheduled Payment Date”), then such 
Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant Rate for the 
relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Level in 
determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any 
such amounts payable and/or deliverable under the Warrants. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
(i) 
If any Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate and, if neither “Preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day” nor “Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day” is specified in respect 
of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate, unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case, the provisions of Rate Condition 
4(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day) below shall 
apply in respect of that Rate. 
(ii) 
if “Preceding Scheduled Trading Day” is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Valuation Date, 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate Condition 4(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day” is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day immediately succeeding such 
Valuation Date, unless such day would fall into the next calendar month, in which event the 
Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Valuation Date, 
unless, in either such case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate 
Condition 4(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall 
apply. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
If any Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with Rate Condition 4(b) above) is a 
Disrupted Day for a Rate, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, but 
subject to (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions, (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions or (if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Provisions, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate 
for the Valuation Date at such time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and without 
limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level for such 
Valuation Date by reference to one of the following:

--- Page 447 ---
447 
 
(i) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised distributor of the 
relevant Rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) 
responsible for supervising the relevant Rate or the administrator thereof; 
(iii) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or published 
by the relevant administrator; or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent on a date determined by the Calculation Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day falling 
after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Warrants (the “Cut-off Valuation Date”), such Valuation Date 
shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such date either (A) is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day for such Rate) and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate on such Cut-off Valuation Date 
using its good faith estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate at the Valuation Time on 
or for such day. 
(e) 
Adjustment Events 
If any Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Rate, then the Calculation Agent may take the action 
described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (A) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of the Warrants 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event and (B) determine the effective date(s) of each such adjustment; or 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each 
Warrant, or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Warrantholder an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit on a 
day selected by the Issuer, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments 
will be made in such manner and subject to such conditions as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11. 
If an “Increased Cost of Hedging” occurs, the Calculation Agent may, in addition to (i) and (ii) above, 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment to the terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto Warrantholders the relevant 
increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing any of the 
amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Issuer of the existence of 
an Adjustment Event. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 11 of any determination made by it pursuant 
to paragraph (d) above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 448 ---
448 
 
SECTION E.15 – MULTI-UNDERLYING ANNEX 
This Multi-Underlying Annex shall apply in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Multi-Underlying Annex have the meanings given to them in 
the General Conditions, the Settlement on Exercise Schedule, the relevant Underlying Schedule(s) or the 
applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as an Averaging Date 
for such Actual Exercise Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for all the relevant Underlyings: 
(a) 
where none of such Underlyings are Fund Interests, the immediately following Scheduled Trading 
Day for all such Underlyings; or  
(b) 
where one of more of such Underlyings are Fund Interests, (a) in respect of any such Underlyings 
which are not Fund Interests, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for all such 
Underlyings and (b) in relation to each Fund Interest, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Fund Interest, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, in respect of Underlyings which are Indices, Shares, 
Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares, Fund Interests, Rates or Commodities, any such day is a Disrupted Day 
for any of such Underlying or, in respect of Underlyings which are Debt Securities, a Market Disruption 
Event in relation to any such Underlying has occurred on that day. If any such day is such a Disrupted Day 
or if there is such a Market Disruption Event on that day, as applicable, then, subject as provided in the 
relevant Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed 
not to be an Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision there would 
not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of the definition 
of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or value on the final 
Averaging Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day or on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred, as the case may 
be; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount 
on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day or 
on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred, as the case may be, irrespective of whether, 
pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is 
deemed to be an Averaging Date for such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(iii) if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, where the Warrants 
relate to a basket of Indices and/or Shares and/or Depositary Receipts and/or ETF Shares and/or 
Fund Interests and/or Commodities and/or Proprietary Indices: 
(A) where “Move in Block” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, that Averaging Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date for all the relevant Underlyings shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date for all such Underlyings; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms immediately following that originally 
designated Averaging Date; and

--- Page 449 ---
449 
 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
such Underlyings, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for all such 
Underlyings. 
If that Averaging Date falls within (II) or (III) above, such Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
such Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date) and if the relevant Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for a relevant 
Underlying (the “Affected Item”), (x) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for that Affected Item 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (y) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such Affected Item for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(III) or (iv) (as applicable) of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” below; 
(B) where “Value What You Can” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, that Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for each relevant Underlying in respect of which no 
Disrupted Day has occurred shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the “Scheduled 
Averaging Date”) in respect of such Actual Exercise Date and that Averaging Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date for each relevant Underlying in respect of which a Disrupted Day has 
occurred (each an “Affected Item”) shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date for the Affected Item; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms immediately following that Scheduled 
Averaging Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
Affected Item, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected 
Item. 
If that Averaging Date for an Affected Item falls within (II) or (III) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for that Affected Item, (x) that Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be that Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for 
the Affected Item (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective 
of whether that Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) and (y) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or value for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(III) or (iv) (as applicable) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
“Depositary Receipts and Depositary Receipt” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Depositary Receipt Conditions in the case of Warrants relating to a Basket of Depositary Receipts, each 
depositary receipt specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“ETF Shares” and “ETF Share” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the ETF Warrant 
Conditions, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of ETF Shares, each exchange traded 
fund share and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Fund Interest” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Mutual Fund Conditions, in the case 
of an issue of Warrants relating to a Basket of Mutual Funds, each mutual fund share or unit specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 450 ---
450 
 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a basket of Indices, 
(i) 
in respect of an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index: 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time: 
(I) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading whether by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise, either: 
(X) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Components that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or 
(Y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(II) 
of any event (other than an event described in (B) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant Exchange(s), 
Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(III) 
if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Disruption; 
(B) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or 
any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the 
case may be, at least one hour prior to (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day; or 
(C) 
if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the China Connect Service fails to open for order routing 
during its regular order routing session or a China Connect Early Closure exists or 
occurs. 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index which is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index and a Component included in 
such Index: 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
(I) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of such Component;

--- Page 451 ---
451 
 
(II) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in respect of such Component; 
OR 
(III) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material; AND 
the sum of (A) the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, expressed as a percentage 
of the level of the Index, and (B) the X Percentage, comprises 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the Index: OR 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such Index, 
of: (a) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation 
Time in respect of any Related Exchange, (b) an Exchange Disruption at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange or 
(c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts and which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material; OR 
(C) 
if Additional Index Provisions for China Connect Service are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Early Closure exists or occurs or at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time a China Connect 
Disruption exists or occurs, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, or the China Connect Service fails to open for order routing during its regular order 
routing session. 
(b) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, in respect of a Share, 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time 
for such Share: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(I) 
relating to the Share on the relevant Exchange; or 
(ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
of any event (other than as described in (iii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share on the relevant 
Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts on or relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(C) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect 
Disruption; 
(iii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders

--- Page 452 ---
452 
 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(iv) 
where Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms, a China Connect Early Closure, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the price of a Share (a Relevant Day) is: 
(a) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Share because one or more Related Exchanges relating 
to such Share is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(b) 
a Disrupted Day for a Share solely because any Related Exchange relating to such Share 
fails to open, 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share 
because one or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted Day solely 
because any Related Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as 
it deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the 
Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
(c) 
in relation to Warrants relating to a basket of Depository Receipts, 
(i) 
if “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of such Depositary Receipt or a related Underlying Share, as the case 
may be: 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time for such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share, as the case may be: 
(I) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(X) 
relating to the Depositary Receipt or the Underlying Share, as the case 
may be, on the relevant Exchange; or 
(Y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Depositary Receipt or the 
Underlying Share, as the case may be, on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(II) 
of any event (other than as described in (B) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Depositary Receipt or the

--- Page 453 ---
453 
 
Underlying Share, as the case may be, on the relevant Exchange or (B) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating 
to the Depositary Receipt or the Underlying Share, as the case may be, on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
(ii) 
if “Partial Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation to a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of such Depositary Receipt: 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time for such Depositary Receipt: 
(I) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(A) 
relating to the Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Depositary Receipt on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(II) 
of any event (other than as described in (B) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Depositary Receipt on the 
relevant Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts on or relating to the Depositary Receipt on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the price of a Depositary Receipt (a “Relevant Day”) is: 
(a) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Depositary Receipt because one or more Related 
Exchanges relating to such Depositary Receipt and/or, where “Full Lookthrough” is specified

--- Page 454 ---
454 
 
as applying in relation to such Depositary Receipt, the related Underlying Share, as the case 
may be, is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(b) 
a Disrupted Day for a Depositary Receipt solely because any Related Exchange relating to 
such Depositary Receipt and/or, where “Full Lookthrough” is specified as applying in relation 
to such Depositary Receipt, the related Underlying Share, as the case may be, fails to open, 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Depositary 
Receipt because one or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted Day 
solely because any Related Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as 
it deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the 
Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
(d) 
in relation to Warrants relating to basket of ETF Shares, in respect of an ETF Share: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time 
for such ETF Share: 
(A) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(I) 
relating to the ETF Share on the relevant Exchange; or 
(II) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(B) 
of any event (other than as described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETF Share on the relevant 
Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange(s) 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day, 
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent is required to determine the price of an ETF Share (a “Relevant Day”) is:

--- Page 455 ---
455 
 
(a) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for an ETF Share because one or more Related Exchanges 
relating to such ETF Share is/are not scheduled to be open; or 
(b) 
a Disrupted Day for an ETF Share solely because any Related Exchange relating to such 
ETF Share fails to open, 
the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day to be the Relevant Day 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an ETF Share 
because one or more Related Exchanges is not scheduled to be open or is a Disrupted Day solely 
because any Related Exchange fails to open). 
In determining what is “material”, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances as 
it deems appropriate, which may include (but are not limited to) the Issuer’s hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 11 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Relevant Day. Without limiting the obligation of the 
Calculation Agent to give notice to the Warrantholders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure 
by the Calculation Agent to notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not 
affect the validity of the occurrence and effect of such Disrupted Day. 
“Observation Date” means, in respect of Exempt Warrants relating to more than one Underlying and an 
Early Termination Settlement Date, each date specified as an Observation Date for such Early Termination 
Settlement Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for all the relevant Underlyings: 
(a) 
where none of such Underlyings are Fund Interests, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
for all such Underlyings; or 
(b) 
where one of more of such Underlyings are Fund Interests, (a) in respect of any such Underlyings which 
are not Fund Interests, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings and 
(b) in relation to each Fund Interest, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund 
Interest, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, in respect of Underlyings which are Indices, 
Shares, Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares, Fund Interests, Commodities ,Rates or Proprietary Indices, 
any such day is a Disrupted Day for any of such Underlying or, in respect of Underlyings which are Debt 
Securities, a Market Disruption Event in relation to any such Underlying has occurred on that day. If any 
such day is such a Disrupted Day or if there is such a Market Disruption Event on that day, as applicable, 
then, subject as provided in the relevant Underlying Schedule, where more than one Observation Date 
is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if: 
(i) 
“Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Observation Date PROVIDED THAT, if through the operation of this provision 
there would not be an Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date, 
then the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or value on the final Observation Date with respect to that Early Termination Settlement 
Date as if such Observation Date were a single Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day or on 
which a Market Disruption Event had occurred, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or value on that Observation Date as if such Observation Date were a single Observation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day or on which a Market Disruption Event had occurred, as the case 
may be, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Observation Date

--- Page 456 ---
456 
 
would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Observation Date for such Early 
Termination Settlement Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, where 
the Warrants relate to a basket of Indices and/or Shares and or Depositary Receipts and/or ETF 
Shares and/or Fund Interests and/or Commodities and/or Proprietary Indices: 
(A) 
where “Move in Block” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date for all the 
relevant Underlyings, shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date for all such Underlyings; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally 
designated Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings. 
If that Observation Date falls within (II) or (III) above, such Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be such Observation Date (irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day 
is already an Observation Date) and if the relevant Scheduled Trading Day is a 
Disrupted Day for a relevant Underlying (the “Affected Item”), (x) that Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of such Early 
Termination Settlement Date for that Affected Item (notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day) and (y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level, amount or value for such Affected Item for that Observation Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(III) or (iv) (as applicable) of the definition of “Valuation Date” 
below. 
(B) 
where “Value What You Can” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement 
Date for each relevant Underlying, in respect of which no Disrupted Day has occurred 
shall be the originally designated Observation Date (the “Scheduled Observation 
Date”) in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date and that Observation 
Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date for each relevant 
Underlying, in respect of which a Disrupted Day has occurred (each an “Affected 
Item”) shall be the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Valid Date for the Affected Item; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that Scheduled 
Observation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item. 
If that Observation Date for an Affected Item falls within (II) or (III) above and the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for that Affected Item, (x) that 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Observation Date in respect of 
such Early Termination Settlement Date for the Affected Item (notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day and irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading

--- Page 457 ---
457 
 
Day is already an Observation Date) and (y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or value for that Observation Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (i)(A)(III) or (iv) (as applicable) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
where only one Observation Date is specified for an Early Termination Settlement Date, if, in relation to 
Underlyings which are Indices, Shares, Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares, Fund Interests, Commodities 
Rates or Proprietary Indices, such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in the relevant 
Underlying Schedule, where the Warrants relate to a basket of Indices and/or Shares and/or Depositary 
Receipts and/or ETF Shares and/or Fund Interests and/or Commodities and/or Rates and/or Proprietary 
Indices: 
(i) 
where “Move in Block” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date for all the relevant 
Underlyings shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings that is not a 
Disrupted Day for any of such Underlyings; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that originally 
designated Observation Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings. 
If that Observation Date falls within (B) or (C) above, such Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
such Observation Date and if the relevant Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for a 
relevant Underlying (the “Affected Item”), (x) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
that Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date for that Affected 
Item (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (y) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price or value for such Affected Item for that Observation 
Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(III) or (iv) (as applicable) of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” below. 
(ii) 
where “Value What You Can” is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date for each relevant 
Underlying in respect of which no Disrupted Day has occurred shall be the Scheduled Observation 
Date in respect of such Early Termination Settlement Date and the Observation Date in respect 
of such Early Termination Settlement Date for each relevant Underlying, in respect of which a 
Disrupted Day has occurred (each an “Affected Item”) shall be the earliest of: 
(A) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item that is not a 
Disrupted Day for the Affected Item; 
(B) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement immediately following that Scheduled 
Observation Date; and 
(C) 
the second Business Day prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item. 
If the Observation Date for an Affected Item falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for the Affected Item, (i) that Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Observation Date in respect of such Early Termination

--- Page 458 ---
458 
 
Settlement Date for the Affected Item (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day for the Affected Item) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or value for that Observation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(A)(III) or (iv) 
(as applicable) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
“Rates” and “Rate” mean, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of Rates, each Rate 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
“Relevant Company” means a company whose shares are included in the basket of Shares and “Relevant 
Companies” means all such companies, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Depositary” means an issuer whose Depositary Receipts are included in the basket of 
Depositary Receipts and “Relevant Depositaries” means all such issuers, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Fund” means an issuer whose exchange traded fund shares are included in the basket of ETF 
Shares and “Relevant Funds” means all such funds, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Mutual Fund” means a mutual fund whose interests are included in the basket of fund interests 
and “Relevant Mutual Funds” means all such mutual funds, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Settlement Date” means, in respect of Warrants relating to more than one Underlying and an Actual 
Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Settlement Date is so specified, the fifth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or, where the Warrants are 
Index Warrants relating to a futures contract or an options contract, the Expiry Date PROVIDED 
THAT if the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, in relation to an Index, a Share, a Depositary Receipt, 
an ETF Share, a Fund Interest, a Commodity, a Rate or a Proprietary Index or a Market Disruption 
Event, in relation to a Debt Security, has resulted in a Valuation Date for one or more Indices, 
Shares, Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares, Fund Interests, Debt Securities, Commodities, Rates 
or Proprietary Indices, as the case may be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of “Valuation 
Date” below, the Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring 
Valuation Date in relation to any Index, Share, Depositary Receipt, ETF Share, Fund Interest, 
Debt Security, Commodity, Rate or Proprietary Index, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date PROVIDED 
THAT if the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, in respect of an Index, a Share, a Depositary Receipt, 
an ETF Share, a Fund Interest, a Commodity, or Proprietary Index or a Market Disruption Event, 
in respect of a Debt Security, has resulted in an Averaging Date for one or more Indices, Shares, 
Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares, Fund Interests, Debt Securities, Commodities or Proprietary 
Index, as the case may be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of “Averaging Date” above, 
the Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Averaging 
Date in relation to any Index, Share, Depositary Receipt, ETF Share, Fund Interest, Debt Security, 
Commodity, Rate or Proprietary Index, as the case may be, or such other date as is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Settlement Price” means, in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Actual Exercise Date:

--- Page 459 ---
459 
 
(a) 
in relation to Index Warrants relating to a basket of Indices, subject to the Index Warrant Schedule, and 
as referred to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, as the case may be: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv) an amount 
(which, if an Index Currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, shall be deemed to be a 
monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Index 
as the official closing level for each Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or (x) if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the level of each Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the applicable Issue Terms at the Valuation Time or (y) if the level of any such 
Index is only published once a day, the level of the relevant Index for such day) on: 
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(B) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date 
in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) in 
relation to an Index and the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, in respect 
of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount (which, if an Index Currency is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, shall be deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the official 
closing level for such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or (x) if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the level of such Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms at the Valuation Time or (y) if the level of such Index is only published 
once a day, the level of such Index for such day) on: 
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Valuation 
Date; or 
(B) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Averaging 
Date; 
(b) 
in relation Share Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, subject to the Share Warrant Schedule and as 
referred to in “Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” above, as the case may be: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), an 
amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Share as the official closing price (or 
the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
in respect of such Actual Exercise Date if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) quoted on 
the relevant Exchange for such Share on (X) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (Y) if 
Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) cannot be so determined and such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a relevant Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market 
buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such

--- Page 460 ---
460 
 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the closing 
fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
for the relevant Share whose official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on such 
Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) cannot be determined based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic 
mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the relevant Share or 
on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, 
each such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted amounts to be the Settlement 
Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v), 
in relation to a Share and the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, in respect 
of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (X) if Averaging 
is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Valuation Date or (Y) if Averaging 
is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on such 
Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) cannot be so determined and such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, is not a relevant Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal 
to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at 
the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market 
selling price at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) for such Share based, at the Calculation 
Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of such Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
decide), such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price 
for such Share, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
in relation to Depositary Receipt Warrants relating to a basket of Depositary Receipts, subject to the 
Depositary Receipt Warrant Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” 
above, as the case may be: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), an 
amount equal to the sum of the official closing prices of each Depositary Receipt as displayed on 
the Electronic Page for such Depositary Receipt at the Valuation Time on (X) if Averaging is not 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date or (Y) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent any such official closing price cannot be so determined and such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant official closing price by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate), multiplied

--- Page 461 ---
461 
 
by the relevant Weighting, each such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted 
amounts to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v),in 
relation to a Depositary Receipt and the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount equal to the official closing price of such 
Depositary Receipt as displayed on the Electronic Page for such Depositary Receipt at the 
Valuation Time on (X) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such 
Valuation Date or (Y) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such 
Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such official closing price cannot be 
so determined and such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted 
Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant official closing price by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate), such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to 
be the Settlement Price for such Depositary Receipt, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent;  
(d) 
in relation to ETF Warrants relating to a basket of ETF Shares, subject to the ETF Warrant Schedule and 
as referred to in “Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” above, as the case may be: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), an 
amount equal to the sum of the official closing prices of each ETF Share as displayed on the 
Electronic Page for such ETF Share at the Valuation Time on (X) if Averaging is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date 
or (Y) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such official 
closing price cannot be so determined and such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, is not a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant official closing 
price by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, 
each such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted amounts to be the Settlement 
Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(b)(v),in relation to an ETF Share and the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount equal to the official closing price of such ETF 
Share as displayed on the Electronic Page for such ETF Share at the Valuation Time on (X) if 
Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Valuation Date or (Y) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Averaging Date (or if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent such official closing price cannot be so determined and such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant official closing price by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate), such value to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price 
for such ETF Share, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent;  
(e) 
in relation to Mutual Fund Warrants relating to a basket of Mutual Funds, subject to the ETF Warrant 
Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, as the case may be:

--- Page 462 ---
462 
 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), an 
amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Fund Interest as the value for each 
such Fund Interest as determined by the Calculation Agent (X) if Averaging is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date or (Y) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect 
of an Averaging Date, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v), 
in relation to a Fund Interest and the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount equal to the value of such Fund Interest as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (X) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of such Valuation Date or (Y) if Averaging is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of such Averaging Date. 
In determining the value in respect of a Fund Interest, the Calculation Agent may have regard to 
any value or aggregate value reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such 
value on behalf of the relevant Mutual Fund to its investors or a publishing service and displayed on 
the Electronic Page for such Fund Interest; 
(f) 
in relation to Exempt Warrants that are Debt Warrants relating to a basket of Debt Securities, subject to 
the Debt Warrant Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or “Averaging Date”, as the case may 
be, an amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Debt Security at the bid price for such 
Debt Security as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for 
such Debt Security appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is 
not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Valuation Date in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
an Averaging Date in respect of such Averaging Date, or, if such price is not available, the arithmetic 
mean of the bid prices for such Debt Security at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Security, such bid prices to be expressed as a percentage of the 
nominal amount of such Debt Security, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
(g) 
in relation to Exempt Warrants that are Currency Warrants relating to a basket of Currencies, an amount 
equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Subject Currency at the spot rate of exchange 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on (A), if Averaging is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise 
Date or (B), if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an Averaging 
Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Base Currency for which one unit of 
the Subject Currency can be exchanged), or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic average 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by 
or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange 
rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
(h) 
in relation to Commodity Warrants relating to a basket of Commodities, subject to the Commodity Warrant 
Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” above, as the case may be:

--- Page 463 ---
463 
 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), an 
amount equal to the sum of the Relevant Prices of each Commodity as displayed on the Electronic 
Page for each such Commodity on (X) if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date or (Y) if Averaging is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, an Averaging Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date, multiplied by the relevant Weighting, each such Relevant Price to be converted, if 
so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate 
and the sum of such converted amounts to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) in 
relation to a Commodity and the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, in 
respect of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount equal to the Relevant Price of such Commodity as 
displayed on the Electronic Page for such Commodity on (X) if Averaging is not specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Valuation Date or (Y) if Averaging is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, such Averaging Date, such Relevant Price to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price for such Commodity, all 
as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
(i) 
in relation to Proprietary Index Warrants relating to a basket of Proprietary Indices, subject to the 
Proprietary Index Warrant Schedule and as referred to in “Valuation Date” below or “Averaging Date” 
above, as the case may be: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(ii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(i), 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iv), in the 
case of Proprietary Index Warrants relating to a basket of Proprietary Indices, an amount (which, 
if an Index Currency is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be deemed to be a 
monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the sum of the Index Levels calculated for each 
Index on or for, as the case may be: 
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; or 
(B) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date; and 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(A), Settlement on Exercise Condition 
1(a)(v), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(iii) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v), 
in the case of Proprietary Index Warrants relating to a basket of Proprietary Indices and in relation 
to a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, in respect 
of an Actual Exercise Date, an amount (which, if an Index Currency is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, shall be deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to 
the Index Level on or for, as the case may be: 
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, such 
Valuation Date or:

--- Page 464 ---
464 
 
(B) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, such 
Averaging Date. 
(j) 
in relation to Rate Warrants relating to a basket of Rates, subject to the Rate Conditions and as referred 
to in “Valuation Date” below, for the purposes of Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(i)(B), Settlement 
on Exercise Condition 1(a)(ii)(B), Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(iii)(B), Settlement on Exercise 
Condition 1(a)(iii)(C) and Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(v), an amount equal to (i) the Underlying 
Closing Level for Rate 1 (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) less (ii) the Underlying Closing Level 
for Rate 2 (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on or for, the Valuation Date in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date.  
“Shares and Share” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Warrant Schedule, in the 
case of an issue of Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, each share and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Underlyings” means the Index, Indices, Share, Shares, Depositary Receipt, Depositary Receipts, ETF 
Share, ETF Shares, Fund Interest, Fund Interests, Debt Security, Debt Securities, Subject Currency or 
Subject Currencies, Commodity or Commodities, Gilt or Gilts, Rate or Rates, Proprietary Index or 
Proprietary Indices or other asset or assets underlying the Warrants and each an “Underlying”. 
“Valid Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Averaging Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, and on which another Averaging Date, in relation to the relevant Early Termination 
Settlement Date, does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the definition of “Observation Date”, a Scheduled Trading Day Share that is not 
a Disrupted Day, and on which another Observation Date, in relation to the relevant Early 
Termination Settlement Date, does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, the date specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms for such Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all the relevant 
Underlyings: 
(a) 
where none of such Underlyings are Fund Interests, and, in the case of Rate Warrants only, neither 
“Preceding Scheduled Trading Day” nor “Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day” are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for all such 
Underlyings; 
(b) 
where one of more of such Underlyings are Fund Interests:  
(A) in respect of any such Underlyings which are not Fund Interests, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings, provided that if one or more such Underlyings are 
Rate Warrants and “Move in Block” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and either 
“Preceding Scheduled Trading Day” or “Modified Scheduled Trading Day” is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then: 
(I) 
if “Preceding Scheduled Trading Day“ is specified for such Rates, the Valuation Date 
shall  be the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such day; or 
(II) 
if ”Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day“ is specified for such Rates, the 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately succeeding such day, and  
(B) in relation to each Fund Interest, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund 
Interest,

--- Page 465 ---
465 
 
unless, in any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, in respect of Underlyings which are 
Indices, Shares, Depositary Receipts, ETF Shares, Fund Interests, Commodities, Rates or Proprietary 
Indices, such day is a Disrupted Day for any of such Underlyings or, in respect of Underlyings which are 
Debt Securities, a Market Disruption Event in relation to any such Underlying has occurred on that day. 
If such day is such a Disrupted Day, then, subject as provided in each relevant Underlying Schedule: 
(i) 
where the Warrants relate to a basket of Indices and/or Shares and/or Depositary Receipts and/or ETF 
Shares and/or Fund Interests and/or Commodities and/or Proprietary Indices and “Move in Block” is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(A) the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for all the relevant Underlyings shall be 
the earliest of: 
(I) 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings that is not a 
Disrupted Day for any of such Underlyings; 
(II) 
the Scheduled Trading Day for all such Underlyings falling the Number of Roll Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms immediately following that Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and 
(III) 
the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
such Underlyings, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for all such 
Underlyings. 
If that Valuation Date falls within (II) or (III) above, such Scheduled Trading Day shall be such 
Valuation Date and if the relevant Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for a relevant 
Underlying (the “Affected Item”), (x) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed that 
Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for that Affected Item (notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day) and (y) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Settlement Price as set out in (iv) below. 
(ii) 
where the Warrants relate to a basket of Indices and/or Shares and/or Depositary Receipts and/or ETF 
Shares and/or Fund Interests and/or Commodities and/or Proprietary Indices and “Value What You Can” 
is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date for each relevant Underlying in respect of which no Disrupted Day has occurred shall be 
the Scheduled Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date and the Valuation Date in respect 
of such Actual Exercise Date for each relevant Underlying in respect of which a Disrupted Day has 
occurred (each an “Affected Item”) shall be the earliest of:  
(A) the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item that is not a Disrupted Day for the 
Affected Item; 
(B) the Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item falling the Number of Roll Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms immediately following that Scheduled Valuation Date; and 
(C) the second Business Day prior to the Settlement Date immediately succeeding the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item. 
If the Valuation Date for an Affected Item falls within (B) or (C) above and the relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day is a Disrupted Day for the Affected Item, (i) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for the Affected Item 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for the Affected Item) and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Settlement Price as set out in (iv) below.

--- Page 466 ---
466 
 
(iii) where the Warrants relate to a basket of Rates, (x) if ISDA Fallback Determination is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level of each such Rate for the Valuation Date at such time and by reference to such sources as 
it deems appropriate; or (y) otherwise, if ISDA Fallback Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level for 
each such Rate on the Valuation Date as being the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the relevant Valuation Date, 
PROVIDED THAT, the Floating Rate Option shall always be determined by reference to the rate 
which appears on the relevant screen page or price source on the applicable Reset Date and, 
accordingly, all references in any Floating Rate Option to the contrary, including any references to 
the rate on any day other than that Reset Date shall be deemed to be deleted and the words ”on 
the Reset Date” shall be substituted therefor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(iv) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for the purposes of (a) and (b) above 
using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level, price or value of such Affected Item determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using: 
(A) in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading 
Day determined in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day of each Component 
comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant Component on that Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Component as of the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) in the case of a Share, its good faith estimate of the price for the Affected Item as of the Valuation 
Time on that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(C) in the case of Depositary Receipt Warrants or ETF Warrants, its good faith estimate of the price or 
value of the relevant Depositary Receipt or the ETF Share, as the case may be, at the Valuation 
Time on that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(D) in the case of Mutual Fund Warrants, its good faith estimate of the price or value of the relevant Fund 
Interest for that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(E) in the case of Proprietary Index Warrants, in accordance with its good faith estimate of the level of 
that Proprietary Index on or for that Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(F) 
in relation to a Commodity, the next applicable Disruption Fallback as set out in the Commodity 
Conditions; or 
(G) in relation to a Rate, its good faith estimate of the interest rate of the relevant Rate for the relevant 
designated maturity at the Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day,

--- Page 467 ---
467 
 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
(v) 
If, in relation to Exempt Warrants relating to Debt Securities, there is a Market Disruption Event on that 
day, then, where the Warrants relate to a basket of Debt Securities, the Valuation Date in respect of such 
Actual Exercise Date for each Debt Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event shall be the 
originally designated Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date and the Valuation Date in 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date for each Debt Security affected (each an “Affected Item”) by a 
Market Disruption Event shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Item on 
which there is no Market Disruption Event relating to the Affected Item, unless there is a Market Disruption 
Event relating to the Affected Item occurring on each of the five Scheduled Trading Days for the Affected 
Item immediately following the original date which (but for the Market Disruption Event) would have been 
the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. In that case, (i) that fifth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date for the Affected 
Item (notwithstanding the Market Disruption Event) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Settlement Price using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price determined in the manner set out 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of 
the price for the Affected Item that would have prevailed but for the Market Disruption Event as of the 
Valuation Time on that fifth Scheduled Trading Day, and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
2 
Early Termination Event for Long/Short Warrants 
If (i) Terms of Long/Short Warrants is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) Early 
Termination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following shall apply:  
(a) 
An “Early Termination Event” shall occur if the Certificate Bid Level is equal to or less than the Early 
Termination Barrier Level during the Observation Period. If an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer 
may, but is not obliged to elect to terminate the Warrants in accordance with General Condition 5(a)(iv). 
(b) 
The “Early Termination Amount” shall be, in respect of a Warrant and the Underlyings, an amount in 
the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
LongET −ShortET + Long DividendsET −Short DividendsET 
provided that the Early Termination Amount shall not be less than zero. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Clause 2 only: 
“Bid Level Screen Page” means the electronic page specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Certificate Bid Level” means, at any time on any day, the bid price in the Settlement Currency of 
the Warrants determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the Bid Level Screen Page (or such other page 
or service as may replace any such page for the purposes of displaying the bid price of the 
Warrants). 
“Early Termination Barrier Level” shall be as defined in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Early Termination FX Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying and the Underlying Currency for 
such Underlying, the Exchange Rate for such Underlying and such Underlying Currency on the final 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying of the relevant Early Termination Valuation Period. 
“Early Termination Settlement Date” means the tenth Business Day following the last occurring 
Scheduled Trading Day of any Early Termination Valuation Period. 
 “Early Termination Valuation Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlyings 
immediately following the date on which the Early Termination Event has occurred.

--- Page 468 ---
468 
 
“Early Termination Valuation Period” in respect of Short Underlyings or Long Underlyings, as the 
case may be, has the meaning given to the term in the definition of Short UnderlyingET or Long 
UnderlyingET, as applicable. 
“Long DividendsET” means, in respect of the Long Underlyings, (where (i) = 1,2,3,….LT), an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
[∑Relevant Percentage × N(i) × Dividend for Long Underlying(i)
LT
i=1
] 
provided that for the purposes of this definition and the definition of Dividend in relation thereto, the 
Dividend Period shall be deemed to end on (and include) the final Scheduled Trading Day of the 
relevant Early Termination Valuation Period for the relevant Underlying. 
“LongET” means, in respect of the Long Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….LT), an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑LPR × N(i) × Long UnderlyingET
Early Termination FX Rate
LT
i=1
] 
“Long UnderlyingET” means, in relation to a Long Underlying, the average selling price (net of any 
applicable taxes and charges) per Long Underlying for a sale of such Long Underlyings on the 
relevant Exchange where the Long Underlyings are sold on the Early Termination Valuation Date 
on the relevant Exchange at such times and in such numbers (subject as provided below) as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion determines (the aggregate of such numbers being the “Sold 
Long Underlyings”) provided that in determining Long UnderlyingET the Sold Long Underlyings 
must not exceed the relevant Underlying Amount but may, at the discretion of the Calculation Agent, 
be any number up to the relevant Underlying Amount, 
provided further that, the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion not to sell on the relevant 
Exchange all or any of the Sold Long Underlyings on the Early Termination Valuation Date (if the 
Early Termination Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day or for any other reason) and those Long 
Underlyings comprising the Sold Long Underlyings not sold on the Early Termination Valuation Date 
shall be sold on the relevant Exchange as soon thereafter as the Calculation Agent determines in 
its commercially reasonable judgement. The period of Scheduled Trading Days for the relevant 
Long Underlying from and including the Early Termination Valuation Date to the Scheduled Trading 
Day for the relevant Long Underlying on which all the Sold Long Underlyings have been sold shall 
be the “Early Termination Valuation Period”. 
For the purposes of this definition and the definition of Disrupted Day in relation thereto, a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of an Underlying may occur at any time and not only during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time and the relevant definitions of Market Disruption 
Event set out in the Multi-Underlying Annex shall be construed accordingly. 
References herein to a sale of Long Underlyings shall be deemed to be references to a notional or 
actual sale of Long Underlyings by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent and references to "sell" 
and "sold" shall be construed accordingly. 
“Observation Period” means the period from (but excluding) the Trade Date to (and including) the 
Exercise Date. 
“Purchased Short Underlyings” has the meaning given to the term in the definition of Short 
UnderlyingET

--- Page 469 ---
469 
 
“Short DividendsET” means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….ST), an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
[∑N(i) × Dividend for Short Underlying(i)
ST
i=1
] 
provided that for the purposes of this definition and the definition of Dividend in relation thereto, the 
Dividend Period shall be deemed to end on (and include) the final Scheduled Trading Day of the 
relevant Early Termination Valuation Period for the relevant Underlying. 
“ShortET” means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….ST), an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑
SPR × N(i) × Short UnderlyingET
Early Termination FX Rate
ST
i=1
] 
“Short UnderlyingET” means, in relation to a Short Underlying, the average purchase price (gross 
of any applicable taxes and charges) per Short Underlying for a purchase of such Short Underlying 
on the relevant Exchange where the Short Underlyings are purchased on the Early Termination 
Valuation Date on the relevant Exchange at such times and in such numbers (subject as provided 
below) as the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion determines (the aggregate of such numbers 
being the “Purchased Short Underlyings”) provided that in determining Short UnderlyingET the 
Purchased Short Underlyings must not exceed the relevant Underlying Amount but may, at the 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, be any number up to the relevant Underlying Amount, 
provided further that, the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion not to purchase on the relevant 
Exchange all or any of the Purchased Short Underlyings on the Early Termination Valuation Date 
(if the Early Termination Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day or for any other reason) and those Short 
Underlyings comprising the Purchased Short Underlyings not purchased on the Early Termination 
Valuation Date shall be purchased on the relevant Exchange as soon thereafter as the Calculation 
Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgement. The period of Scheduled Trading Days 
for the relevant Short Underlying from and including the Early Termination Valuation Date to the 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Short Underlying on which all the Purchased Short 
Underlyings have been purchased shall be the “Early Termination Valuation Period”. 
For the purposes of this definition and the definition of Disrupted Day in relation thereto, a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of an Underlying may occur at any time and not only during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time and the relevant definitions of Market Disruption 
Event set out in the Multi-Underlying Annex shall be construed accordingly. 
References herein to a purchase of Short Underlyings shall be deemed to be references to a 
notional or actual purchase of Short Underlyings by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent and 
references to "purchase" and "purchased" shall be construed accordingly. 
“Sold Long Underlyings” has the meaning given to the term in the definition of Long UnderlyingET. 
“Termination Cut-off Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the Early Termination Settlement Date. 
“Underlying Amount” means, in relation to an Underlying, N(i) for such Underlying multiplied by the 
number of Warrants terminated early provided that if the Underlying Amount in relation to any

--- Page 470 ---
470 
 
Underlying is not a whole number, it shall be rounded up or down to the nearest whole number, at 
the discretion of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 471 ---
471 
 
SECTION E.16 – SETTLEMENT ON EXERCISE SCHEDULE 
This Settlement on Exercise Schedule shall apply in respect of all Warrants. Capitalised terms used but 
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Conditions, the relevant 
Underlying Schedule or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable. 
1 
Cash Settlement on exercise 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each Unit entitles its holder in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, upon due exercise and 
subject, in the case of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Permanent Global 
Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant (in respect of interests held by persons who are not QIBs), to 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the relevant Settlement Date 
a Cash Settlement Amount (together with, in the case of Fixed Rate Warrants, accrued but unpaid interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero), and such Cash Settlement Amount 
shall be equal to: 
(a) 
where Averaging is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, and: 
(A) 
the relevant Underlying is not a Rate, or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none 
of the Underlyings are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Settlement Price subject to, if a Commission is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, deduction of such Commission from the Settlement Price, less Exercise Price) 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”) and, where Payment of Dividends is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, plus the relevant Dividend 
Amount (“DA”) all, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[{[(Settlement Price × [1- Commission]) - Exercise Price] x NA} [+ DA]][× Multiplier] 
Where the Commission, Dividend Amount or Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable 
or is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element 
in the above formula shall be ignored; 
(B) 
the relevant Underlying(s) is a Rate or a Basket of Rates (as applicable) and, in the 
case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, 
(Settlement Price plus Margin) less Strike, multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”) 
and, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the 
Multiplier, all, where a Rates Day Count Fraction (“DCF”) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. As a formula: 
[(Settlement Price + Margin) – Strike] x NA [x Multiplier] [x DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or are not specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element in the above 
formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
“Strike” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 472 ---
472 
 
(ii) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants and,  
(A) 
the relevant Underlying is not a Rate, or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none 
of the Underlyings are Rates, and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Exercise Price less Settlement Price subject to, if a Commission is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, addition of such Commission to the Settlement Price) 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”) and, where Payment of Dividends is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, minus the relevant Dividend 
Amount (“DA”), all, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[{[Exercise Price - (Settlement Price × [1 + Commission])] x NA} [- DA]] [× Multiplier] 
Where the Commission, Dividend Amount or Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable 
or is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element 
in the above formula shall be ignored; 
(B) 
the relevant Underlying(s) is a Rate or Basket of Rates (as applicable) and, in the case 
of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
Strike less (Settlement Price plus Margin), multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”) 
and, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the 
Multiplier, all, where a Rates Day Count Fraction (“DCF”) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. As a formula: 
[Strike – (Settlement Price + Margin)] x NA [x Multiplier] [x DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or are not specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element in the above 
formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
“Strike” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
if such Warrants are: 
(A) 
 Call Spread Warrants or Put Spread Warrants, the relevant Underlying is not a Rate, 
or in the case of a Basket of Underlyings none of the Underlyings are Rates, and, in 
the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify 
otherwise, 
(Issue Price multiplied by Spread), all, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, multiplied by a Multiplier. As a formula: 
Issue Price × Spread [× Multiplier] 
Where the Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the reference to the Multiplier in the above formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
“Spread” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Call Spread Warrants:

--- Page 473 ---
473 
 
Max (Fixed Percentage, [Performance - Lower Strike]) - Max (0%,  
[Performance - Upper Strike])  
(ii) 
where the Warrants are Put Spread Warrants: 
Max (Fixed Percentage, [Upper Strike - Performance]) - Max (0, 
[Lower Strike - Performance]) 
For the purposes of the above formula, “Fixed Percentage”, “Lower Strike” and 
“Upper Strike” shall be the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means the date (if any) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Such date shall be a “Valuation Date” for the purposes of the Conditions 
and shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions thereof as though such date 
were the sole Valuation Date for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and the definition 
of Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly.  
“Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Warrants relate to a single Underlying, the Underlying Performance 
for such Underlying; or 
(ii) 
where the Warrants relate to a Basket of Underlyings and in respect of all of the 
Underlyings (i) in the Basket of Underlyings (where i = 1 … n), an amount, expressed 
as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
∑Weightingi ×
n
i=1
Underlying Performancei  
 “Strike Price” means, in respect of an Underlying, either (i) the Settlement Price of 
such Underlying on the Initial Valuation Date or (ii) the price, level or value specified 
for such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Underlying Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount, 
expressed as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Relevant Price
Strike Price  
For which purpose: 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of an Underlying and an Actual Exercise Date, 
the Settlement Price of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date.  
(B) 
if such Warrants are Call Spread Warrants, the relevant Underlying(s) is a Rate or 
Basket of Rates (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
The higher of (a) the Floor and (b) the lower of (i) the Cap and (ii) (Settlement Price 
plus Margin) less Strike, and, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier, multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”), and all, 
where a Rates Day Count Fraction (“DCF”) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. As a formula:

--- Page 474 ---
474 
 
Max[Floor, Min{Cap, [(Settlement Price + Margin) – Strike}]] [x Multiplier] x NA [x 
DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or are not specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element in the above 
formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
“Strike” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
if such Warrants are Put Spread Warrants, the relevant Underlying(s) is a Rate or 
Basket of Rates (as applicable) and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
The higher of (a) the Floor and (b) the lower of (i) the Cap and (ii) Strike less 
(Settlement Price plus Margin), and, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier, multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”) and 
all, where a Rates Day Count Fraction (“DCF”) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of a Rate, multiplied by the DCF. As a formula: 
Max[Floor, Min{Cap, [Strike – (Settlement Price + Margin)]}] [x Multiplier] x NA [x 
DCF] 
Where the DCF or the Multiplier are specified as Not Applicable or are not specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element in the above 
formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
“Strike” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
if such Warrants are Delta One Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Settlement Price divided by Exercise Price) multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”). As a 
formula: 
Settlement Price
Exercise Price  x NA 
  
(v) 
if such Warrants are Long/Short Warrants [and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise,] an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
IP {1 + PR × ([LongF −LongI
LongI
−ShortF −ShortI
ShortI
] + Long Dividends −Short Dividends)} 
Where: 
“Dividend FX Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying, the Underlying Currency for 
such Underlying and a Dividend relating to such Underlying, the Exchange Rate for 
such Underlying and such Underlying Currency on the relevant Dividend Date.

--- Page 475 ---
475 
 
“Final FX Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying and the Underlying Currency for 
such Underlying, the Exchange Rate for such Underlying and such Underlying 
Currency on the Valuation Date for such Underlying. 
“IP” means the Issue Price of the first Tranche of Warrants. 
“Long Dividends” means, in respect of the Long Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….LT 
and “LT” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑Relevant Percentage × N(i) × Dividend for Long Underlying(i)
LT
i=1
] 
“LongF” means, in respect of the Long Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….LT), an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
[∑LPR × N(i) × Long UnderlyingFinal
Final FX Rate
LT
i=1
] 
“LongI” means the Issue Price of the Warrants. 
“Long UnderlyingFinal” means, in respect of a Long Underlying, the Settlement Price 
for such Long Underlying.  
“Long Participation Rate (LPR)” means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Participation Rate (PR)” means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Relevant Percentage” means, in respect of an Underlying, the percentage specified 
for such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Short Dividends” means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….ST 
and ST is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[∑N(i) × Dividend for Short Underlying(i)
ST
i=1
] 
“ShortF” means, in respect of the Short Underlyings (where (i) = 1,2,3,….ST), an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
[∑SPR × N(i) × Short UnderlyingFinal
Final FX Rate
ST
i=1
] 
“ShortI” means the Issue Price of the Warrants. 
“Short Participation Rate (SPR)” means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Short UnderlyingFinal” means, in respect of a Short Underlying, the Settlement Price 
for such Short Underlying.

--- Page 476 ---
476 
 
“Underlying Currency” means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency specified for 
such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(vi) 
in the case of Exempt Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount determined pursuant to or as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(b) 
where Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(the arithmetic mean of the Settlement Prices (the “Average Settlement Price”), subject to, 
if a Commission is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, deduction of such Commission 
from the Settlement Prices, for all the Averaging Dates - Exercise Price) multiplied by the 
Nominal Amount (“NA”) all, where a Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[(Average Settlement Price × [1-Commission]) - Exercise Price] x NA [× Multiplier] 
Where the Commission or Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element in the above formula shall be 
ignored. 
(ii) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Exercise Price less the Average Settlement Price for all the Averaging Dates subject to, if a 
Commission is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, addition of such Commission to the 
Settlement Prices) multiplied by the Nominal Amount (“NA”) all, where a Multiplier is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by the Multiplier. As a formula: 
[Exercise Price - (Average Settlement Price × [1 +Commission])] x NA [xMultiplier])] 
Where the Commission or Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the reference to the relevant element in the above formula shall be 
ignored. 
(iii) 
if such Warrants are Call Spread Warrants or Put Spread Warrants and, in the case of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(i) the Issue Price multiplied by (ii) the Spread, all, where a Multiplier is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, multiplied by a Multiplier. As a formula: 
Issue Price × Spread [× Multiplier] 
Where the Multiplier is specified as Not Applicable or is not specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the reference to the Multiplier in the above formula shall be ignored. 
Where: 
“Spread” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Call Spread Warrants: 
Max (Fixed Percentage, [Performance - Lower Strike]) - Max (0%, 
[Performance - Upper Strike]) 
(ii) 
where the Warrants are Put Spread Warrants:

--- Page 477 ---
477 
 
Max (Fixed Percentage, [Upper Strike - Performance]) - Max (0%,  
[Lower Strike - Performance]) 
For the purposes of the above formula, “Fixed Percentage”, “Lower Strike” and “Upper 
Strike” shall be the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1(b)(iii): 
“Average Settlement Price” means, in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) 
where Initial Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
for the purposes of the determination of the Strike Price, the arithmetic mean of the 
Settlement Prices for all the Initial Averaging Dates; and 
(ii) 
where Final Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and for 
the purposes of the determination of the Relevant Price, the arithmetic mean of the 
Settlement Prices for all the Final Averaging Dates. 
“Final Averaging Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be an “Averaging Date” for the 
purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions thereof as 
though such dates were the sole Averaging Dates for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and 
the definition of Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly. 
“Initial Averaging Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be an “Averaging Date” for the 
purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions thereof as 
though such dates were the sole Averaging Dates for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and 
the definition of Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, the date (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be a “Valuation Date” for the 
purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions thereof as 
though such date were the sole Valuation Date for the relevant Actual Exercise Date and the 
definition of Settlement Price shall be construed accordingly. 
“Performance” means: 
(i) 
where the Warrants relate to a single Underlying, the Underlying Performance for such 
Underlying; or 
(ii) 
where the Warrants relate to a Basket of Underlyings and in respect of all of the 
Underlyings (i) in the Basket of Underlyings (where i = 1 … n), an amount, expressed 
as a percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
∑Weightingi ×
n
i=1
Underlying Performancei 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) where Final Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Settlement Price of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date in respect of an Actual 
Exercise Date; or 
(ii) where Final Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Average 
Settlement Price of such Underlying in respect of the Final Averaging Dates.

--- Page 478 ---
478 
 
“Strike Price” means, in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) where Initial Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms either 
(a) the Settlement Price of such Underlying on the Initial Valuation Date or (b) the price, level 
or value specified for such Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) where Initial Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Average Settlement Price of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Averaging Dates. 
“Underlying Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount, expressed as a 
percentage, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Relevant Price
Strike Price  
(iv) 
if such Warrants are Delta One Warrants and, in the case of Exempt Warrants, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement does not specify otherwise, 
(Average Settlement Price divided by Exercise Price) multiplied by the Nominal Amount 
(“NA”). As a formula: 
Average Settlement Price
Exercise Price
 x NA 
 
(v) 
in the case of Exempt Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount determined pursuant to or as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Cash Settlement Amount, or, in respect of Settlement on Exercise Conditions 1(a)(iii)(B) and (C), the 
component of the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount expressed to be subject to a Cap or a Floor, 
as the case may be, determined pursuant to the above shall not be greater than the Cap (if any) specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or less than the Floor (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Settlement Currency, will be 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms for 
the purposes of determining that Cash Settlement Amount. 
2 
Physical Settlement on exercise 
In the case of Exempt Warrants, if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, entitles its holder in 
respect of an Actual Exercise Date, upon due exercise and subject, in the case of Warrants represented 
by a Regulation S Global Warrant, a Permanent Global Warrant or a Combined Global Warrant (in respect 
of interests held by persons who are not QIBs), to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to 
receive from the Issuer on the relevant Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant 
Exercise Price (if applicable), any Exercise Expenses (as set out in General Condition 5(c)(iv)) and any 
other sums payable. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3 
Definitions  
“Accrual Period” means: 
(a) in respect of the initial Accrual Period, the period from the first Actual Exercise Date to the second 
Actual Exercise Date; and  
(b) in respect of all subsequent Accrual Periods, the period from, and including, an Actual Exercise Date 
to, but excluding, the immediately following Actual Exercise Date.

--- Page 479 ---
479 
 
“Cap” means the cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Commission” means the commission specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Dividends” means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the sum of all gross cash dividends or 
distributions, including any Extraordinary Dividends, and divided by the relevant Dividend FX Rate, which 
are declared by the relevant Relevant Company, Underlying Share Company or Relevant Fund, as the 
case may be, in relation to one such Underlying where such cash dividend or distribution is received (or 
would be received, if the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer held the relevant Underlying) (the date of such 
actual or notional receipt, the Dividend Date) by the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer during the Dividend 
Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Dividend Period” means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the period from (but excluding) the Trade 
Date to (and including) the Valuation Date for a Underlying. 
“Exchange Rate” means:  
(a) 
in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, either: (i) in respect of a day and an Underlying, the Underlying 
Currency in respect of which is other than the Settlement Currency, the mid Underlying 
Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate quoted on the Exchange Rate Screen Page at the 
Exchange Rate Specified Time on the such day (expressed as the number of units of the Underlying 
Currency, (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) provided 
that if the Exchange Rate cannot be determined as aforesaid it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or (ii) otherwise or if 
Exchange Rate Screen Page and Exchange Rate Specified Time are specified to be not applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, 1; and 
(b) 
In relation to each other type of Warrant, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the rate of 
exchange for conversion of any amount in a currency other than the Settlement Currency (the 
“Alternative Currency”) into the relevant Settlement Currency for the purpose of determining any 
Settlement Price and/or Cash Settlement Amount, being the Alternative Currency/Settlement Currency 
exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the Alternative Currency (or part thereof) for which 
one unit of the Settlement Currency can be obtained) which shall (a) where Calculation Agent 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate; 
or (b) where Screen Page Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, be as 
published on the Screen Page designated as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or any successor 
thereto) at such time on the applicable Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, as is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, if no such rate is published or is otherwise not available, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant rate of exchange for such date at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. 
“Exchange Rate Screen Page” means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the electronic page specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or such other page or service that may replace such electronic page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid Underlying Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate or any other page 
or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate). 
“Exchange Rate Specified Time” means, in relation to a Long/Short Warrant, the time specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Exercise Price” means the price so specified in relation to each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, each Unit, as the case may be, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Floor” means the floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 480 ---
480 
 
“Long Underlying” means each of the Underlyings specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, of the 
type and issued by the Relevant Company (in the case of Underlyings that are Shares) or relating to the 
Underlying Shares of the Underlying Share Company (in the case of Underlyings that are Depositary 
Receipts) or issued by the Relevant Fund (in the case of Underlyings that are ETF Shares), in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Multiplier” means the amount or percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“N(i)” means, in relation to an Underlying, the number of such Underlying specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Nominal Amount” means the nominal amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Rates Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of calculating the amount payable under Settlement on 
Exercise Conditions 1(a)(i)(B), 1(a)(ii)(B), 1(a)(iii)(B) and 1(a)(iii)(C), and in respect of any Accrual Period: 
(a) if 30/360 is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect of a Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of days in the Accrual Period (such number of days being calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(b) if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect of a Rate in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(c) if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect of a Rate in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of a payment falling in a leap year, 366; or 
(d) if Actual/360 is specified as the relevant Rates Day Count Fraction in respect of a Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Accrual Period divided by 360. 
“Short Underlying” means each of the Underlyings specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, of 
the type and issued by the Relevant Company (in the case of Underlyings that are Shares) or relating to 
the Underlying Shares of the Underlying Share Company (in the case of Underlyings that are Depositary 
Receipts) or issued by the Relevant Fund (in the case of Underlyings that are ETF Shares), all as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 481 ---
481 
 
SECTION E.17 – PARTICIPATION CONDITIONS ANNEX 
This Participation Conditions Annex shall apply in respect of Exempt Certificates which are specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement to be EMEA Participation Certificates, LATAM Participation Certificates, 
Saudi Participation Certificates, APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates. The terms defined in this Participation Conditions Annex shall only apply in respect of 
Certificates which are Participation Certificates. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the 
General Conditions, the relevant Underlying Schedule or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable. 
1 
Definitions 
“Additional Costs” means all costs imposed on the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer on the 
purchase and sale of Shares, in the case of APAC Participation Certificates, or Debt Securities, in the case 
of APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, by foreign investors in order to effect settlement of 
the Certificates by way of physical delivery.  
“Additional Exercise Period” means the period from (and including) the Business Day immediately 
succeeding the Issue Date to (and including),  
(a) 
in the case of EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, the Final 
Exercise Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, or if such date is not a 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day (in respect of EMEA Participation 
Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, the “Expiration Date”) 
(b) 
in the case of Saudi Participation Certificates, two Exchange Business Days prior to the 
Expiration Date (Saudi) or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day, 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means: 
(a) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, in 
relation to a Certificate, a Settlement Date and (i) an Exercise Date relating to a Corporate 
Action, the Corporate Action Amount relating to such Corporate Action or (ii) an Exercise 
Date relating to a Dividend, the Dividend Amount relating to such Dividend; 
(b) 
if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, in relation to a Dividend, a Certificate 
and the Exercise Date relating to such Dividend, the Dividend Amount;  
(c) 
if the Certificates are APAC Participation Certificates, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency (which shall not be less than the lowest sub-unit of the 
Settlement Currency) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(d) 
if the Certificates are APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, in relation to an 
Actual Exercise Date, an amount in the Settlement Currency (which shall not be less than 
the lowest sub-unit of the Settlement Currency) specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; or 
(e) 
such other amount as determined pursuant to or as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
“Conversion APAC Participation Certificates” means securities issued by the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates linked to the Shares, having terms the same as, or substantially similar to, the terms of APAC 
Participation Certificates as set out in this Participation Conditions Annex and having the same restrictions

--- Page 482 ---
482 
 
on transfer and bearing substantially the same legends as the APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates from which they are converted.  
“Corporate Action” means, in relation to a Certificate, the Share Company and a Share, a stock dividend 
or a rights issue declared by the Share Company in respect of such Share during the period from (and 
including) the Strike Date to (but excluding) the Additional Exercise Date for such Certificate.  
“Corporate Action Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Corporate Action Date” means, in relation to a Corporate Action, the date on which a foreign investor 
would have received the relevant Corporate Action Securities in respect of such Corporate Action. 
“Corporate Action Securities” means, in relation to a Corporate Action, the securities or rights issued by 
the Share Company in respect of such Corporate Action. 
“Corporate Action Securities Amount” means, in relation to a Corporate Action, a Certificate and the 
Exercise Date relating to such Corporate Action, the number of Corporate Action Securities relating to such 
Corporate Action. 
“Corporate Action Valuation Period” means the period of days from and including the Corporate Action 
Date to and including the day on which all the Sold Corporate Action Securities have been sold. 
“Coupon” means, in relation to a Certificate, interest (however described under the terms of the Debt 
Securities) which is paid by or on behalf of the Securities Issuer and received by a foreign investor in 
respect of the Debt Securities Amount in relation to any Coupon Payment Date falling during the period 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the last day of the Valuation Period for such 
Certificate less the Coupon Expenses, such resulting amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency 
at the relevant Coupon Exchange Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Coupon Amount” means, in relation to a Coupon and a Certificate, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
equal to the gross amount paid by the Securities Issuer in respect of such Coupon. 
“Coupon Exchange Rate” means, in relation to any Coupon, the Security Currency/Settlement Currency 
exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the Security Currency (or part thereof) for which one 
unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. Where the Security Currency and the Settlement 
Currency are the same currency, then the Coupon Exchange Rate shall be 1. 
“Coupon Expenses” means, in relation to a sum of interest paid in respect of the Debt Securities Amount 
in relation to a Coupon Payment Date, an amount equal to such percentage of such sum of interest (the 
“Applicable Percentage”), if any, that the Issuer from time to time deems appropriate to take account of 
any Taxes or other charges whatsoever, including but not limited to any Taxes or other charges sustained 
or incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate or a resident foreign investor as a result of the receipt of the 
relevant sum or that would have been sustained or incurred by the Issuer or any Affiliate or a resident 
foreign investor had it so received such sum. The Issuer has sole and complete discretion as to what the 
Applicable Percentage should be from time to time. 
“Coupon Payment Date” means the dates falling after the Issue Date on which the Securities Issuer is 
scheduled to pay interest on the Debt Securities, being the dates specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
“Debt Securities Amount” means, in relation to a Certificate, the nominal amount of the Debt Securities 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, where a number of Lot(s) (whether or not comprised of 
units (“CB Units”) of Debt Securities) is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the total nominal 
amount of Debt Securities represented by such Lot(s), in each case as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 483 ---
483 
 
“Dividend” means: 
(a) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, in 
relation to a Certificate, the Share Company and a Share, any cash dividends declared by 
the Share Company in relation to one Share (less the Dividend Expenses), the Ex-Date for 
which falls during the period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (but excluding) the 
Additional Exercise Date for such Certificate, and converted into the Settlement Currency at 
the relevant Dividend/Corporate Action Exchange Rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(b) 
if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, relation to a Certificate, the net cash 
dividend per Share converted into U.S.$ using the SAR/USD Exchange Rate (less the 
Dividend Expenses) declared by the Share Company and would be received by a 
Hypothetical Investor on any payment date related to an Ex-Date, which occurs during the 
period from (but excluding) the Trade Date to (and including) either (i) where such Certificate 
is exercised on an Additional Exercise Date, such Additional Exercise Date or (ii) where such 
Certificate is automatically exercised on the Expiration Date (Saudi), the Final Valuation Date 
relating to the Expiration Date (Saudi), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Dividend/Corporate Action Exchange Rate” means, in relation to any Dividends and/or any Corporate 
Action Amount, the Share Currency/Settlement Currency exchange rate (expressed as the number of units 
of the Share Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate. Where the Share Currency and the Settlement Currency are the same currency, then the 
Exchange Rate shall be 1.  
“Dividend Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Dividend Expenses” means, in relation to a cash dividend declared in relation to one Share, an amount 
of such cash dividend, if any, that the Calculation Agent from time to time deems appropriate to take 
account of any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other charge whatsoever, including but not limited to 
taking into account, unless otherwise notified by the Calculation Agent to Certificateholders in accordance 
with General Condition 11 (Notices), any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other charge sustained or 
incurred by a beneficial owner of such Share, without application of any tax treaty, as a result of the receipt 
of the relevant cash dividend or that would have been sustained or incurred by a beneficial owner of such 
Share, without application of any tax treaty, had it so received such cash dividend. The Calculation Agent 
has sole and complete discretion as to what the Dividend Expenses should be from time to time.  
“Ex-Date” means, in relation to a Dividend, the date on which the Shares trade ex such Dividend on the 
Exchange. 
“Exercise Date” means: 
(a) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, in 
relation to a Certificate and (i) a Corporate Action, the day on which the Shares are traded 
ex the Corporate Action Securities relating to such Corporate Action or (ii) a Dividend, the 
Ex-Date relating to such Dividend; 
(b) 
if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, in relation to a Certificate and a 
Dividend, the date specified by the Issuer in the notice to the Certificateholders relating to 
such Dividend.  
“Exercise Expenses” means, if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, in respect of a 
Certificate, all Local Taxes and/or expenses including any depositary charges, transaction or exercise 
charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may be or would be, or would have been, incurred (i) in

--- Page 484 ---
484 
 
connection with the exercise and/or termination of the Certificate and/or any payment and/or delivery in 
respect thereof, and (ii) if "Hedging Taxes" is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
by any Hedging Party in connection with the establishment, maintenance and/or termination of the 
applicable Hedging Positions to the extent that such Local Taxes and/or expenses have not already been 
accounted for in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount, the Final Settlement Amount or any other 
amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Certificates.   
“Exercise Notice Delivered Date” means the fifth Business Day following the Business Day on which an 
Exercise Notice is deemed delivered in accordance with General Condition 5(a)(i). 
“Expenses” means all Taxes and/or expenses, including any depositary charges, transaction or exercise 
charges, which the Calculation Agent determines may be or would be, or would have been incurred (i) in 
connection with the early redemption of the Debt Securities or the conversion of the Debt Securities into 
Shares and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof and/or any sale of the Shares and (ii) if 
"Hedging Taxes" is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
had such entity unwound or varied any underlying related hedging arrangements in respect of the 
Certificate. 
“Expiration Date (Saudi)” means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“First Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Certificate, the Actual Exercise Date or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Final Exercise Date” means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Final Settlement Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Final Settlement Date” means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Final Valuation Date” means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Hedging Party” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any of the parties to any of their 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Certificates and/or its or their Affiliates. 
“Hedging Positions” means one of more (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) by a Hedging Party in order to hedge in a commercially reasonable manner, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Issuer's obligations under the Certificates or the obligations of a 
Hedging Party in relation thereto. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means a hypothetical investor in the Shares which is subject to the same 
securities laws and the rules and regulations of any securities regulators, exchanges and self-regulating 
organisations as applying to Citigroup Global Markets Limited or any of its Affiliate(s) designated by the 
Issuer in writing to the Principal Warrant Agent from time to time. 
“Local Currency” means, if the Certificates are Saudi Participation Certificates, SAR (being the lawful 
currency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the currency in which the price of quotation of the Shares on 
the Exchange is denominated).  
“Local Jurisdiction” means the location of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Share Company. 
“Local Taxes” means all retrospective, present, future, contingent, pending or anticipated income taxes, 
capital gains taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
imposed by any governmental, national, state or local authority of the Local Jurisdiction, together with any 
interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or 
penalties.

--- Page 485 ---
485 
 
“Physical Delivery Election Cut-off Date” means the fifth Business Day prior to the Expiration Date.  
“SAR/USD Exchange Rate” means the SAR/U.S.$ exchange rate (expressed as the number of SAR (or 
part thereof) per U.S.$1) that the Calculation Agent shall determine would be available to it or a 
Hypothetical Investor at the relevant time by reference to such market or otherwise as the Calculation 
Agent deems appropriate 
“Settlement Date” means:  
(a) 
if the Certificates are EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, in 
relation to a Certificate and (i) a Corporate Action, the date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if no date is so specified, the day falling five Business Days after the last day 
of the Corporate Action Valuation Period or (ii) a Dividend, the date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if no date is so specified, the day falling five Business Days after the 
date on which the Issuer and/or its Affiliates receives such Dividend; 
(b) 
if the Certificates are APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, in relation to a 
Certificate and a Coupon, the day falling five Business Days following the date (the “Coupon 
Proceeds Date”) on which a foreign investor would have received actual cash payment of 
the interest paid by or on behalf of the Securities Issuer in respect of the relevant Coupon 
Payment Date or such earlier date as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
“Sold Corporate Action Securities” means, in relation to a Corporate Action Date, a number of Corporate 
Action Securities equal to the product of A and B, as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: A means 
the Corporate Action Securities Amount and B means the aggregate number of Certificates outstanding 
on such Corporate Action Date. 
“Sold Securities” means, in relation to an Actual Exercise Date and the Certificates exercised on such 
date, a number of Debt Securities equal to the product of A and B, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
where: A means the Debt Securities Amount and B means the aggregate number of Certificates exercised 
on such Actual Exercise Date. 
“Strike Date” means the date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Valuation Period” means the period of Scheduled Trading Days from and including the First Valuation 
Date to the Scheduled Trading Day on which all the Sold Securities have been sold. 
2 
Exercise and Settlement for EMEA Participation Certificates, LATAM Participation 
Certificates and Saudi Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be EMEA Participation Certificates, 
LATAM Participation Certificates or Saudi Participation Certificates, the following shall apply: 
2.1 
Amendments to the General Conditions 
General Conditions 5 and 6 shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"5. 
Exercise Rights and Settlement 
(a) Automatic Exercise 
Each Certificate shall be automatically exercised on each Exercise Date and on each date on which 
a Cash Settlement Amount(s) or Final Settlement Amount(s) falls to be paid in respect of any 
Certificate, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay or cause to be paid the aggregate cash amounts 
due on such date (less any Exercise Expenses) to the relevant Common Depositary in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) below.  
(b) Additional Exercise

--- Page 486 ---
486 
 
(i) 
In addition to Condition 5(a) above but subject as provided herein, each Certificate may also 
be exercised by its holder on any Business Day during the Additional Exercise Period in order 
to receive the Final Settlement Amount. The Business Day during the Additional Exercise 
Period on which an Exercise Notice electing the Additional Exercise Date is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate), to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and the copy thereof so received by the Principal Warrant 
Agent shall be the “Additional Exercise Date”. If any such Exercise Notice is received by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or if the copy thereof is received 
by the Principal Warrant Agent, in each case, either on a day which is not a Business Day or 
after 10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate), on any Business Day during 
the Additional Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered 
on the next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Additional Exercise 
Date. 
After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of the Additional Exercise Date, the holder of 
Certificates specified therein at the time of such delivery may not transfer the Certificates 
specified therein. 
(ii) 
If no Exercise Notice has been delivered in respect of an Additional Exercise Date at or prior to 
10.00 a.m., Brussels or Luxembourg time, as the case may be, on the final day of the Additional 
Exercise Period, the Certificates which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, are "In-
the-Money", shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. 
(c) 
Settlement 
(i) 
Cash Settlement Amounts 
As soon as practicable after (A) in the case of EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM 
Participation Certificates, either (i) the day on which the Share Company declares a Corporate 
Action or (ii) the day on which the Share Company declares a Dividend, or (B) in the case of 
Saudi Participation Certificates, the Share Company announces an Ex-Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and to 
the Principal Warrant Agent of such declaration or such Ex-Date, as the case may be, the 
relevant Exercise Date and the anticipated Settlement Date in relation thereto.  
Subject as provided herein, each Certificate entitles its holder to receive from the Issuer on 
each Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Settlement Date (less 
any Exercise Expenses).   
Each Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the 
Settlement Currency, 0.005 being rounded upwards, with Certificates exercised at the same 
time on any Automatic Exercise Date by the same Certificateholder being aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such 
Certificates and such Settlement Date. 
In the case of Saudi Participation Certificates, in the event that the Share Company does not 
pay to holders of record of the Shares the relevant cash dividend on the date originally 
announced by such Share Company, the Issuer shall notify the Certificateholders thereof and 
of any revised anticipated Settlement Date (when known) in accordance with General Condition 
11 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Final Settlement Amount 
Subject as provided herein, each Certificate entitles its holder to receive from the Issuer on the 
Final Settlement Date, the Final Settlement Amount (less any Exercise Expenses).

--- Page 487 ---
487 
 
The Final Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the 
Settlement Currency, 0.005 being rounded upwards, with Certificates exercised at the same 
time on the Additional Exercise Date or the Exercise Date, as the case may be, by the same 
Certificateholder being aggregated for the purposes of determining the aggregate Final 
Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such Certificates and the Final Settlement Date. 
(iii) 
Discharge of obligations 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Certificate is exercised by a Certificateholder on an Additional 
Exercise Date or is automatically exercised on the Expiration Date or, in respect of Saudi 
Participation Certificates, the Expiration Date (Saudi), and an Ex-Date in relation to a Dividend 
has occurred on or prior to the Additional Exercise Date for such Certificate or, in respect of 
EMEA Participation Certificates or LATAM Participation Certificates, a Corporate Action has 
occurred on or prior to the Additional Exercise Date for such Certificate during the relevant 
Dividend Period but, in either case, the Settlement Date in respect of the related Cash 
Settlement Amount has not occurred prior to the Final Settlement Date, then such Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be payable in respect of such Certificate on the relevant Settlement 
Date and the Final Settlement Amount shall be payable on the relevant Final Settlement Date, 
as provided above, notwithstanding that such Settlement Date may fall after the Final 
Settlement Date in respect of such Certificate, PROVIDED THAT if the relevant Settlement 
Date has not occurred by the date falling two years after the Final Settlement Date for the 
relevant Certificate, the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligations in respect thereof and 
shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect of the relevant Cash Settlement 
Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Certificate is exercised during the Additional Exercise Period 
and the Final Settlement Date is the same day as a Settlement Date, then the holder of such 
Certificate shall be entitled to receive both the Cash Settlement Amount which is payable to 
such Certificateholder in respect of such Settlement Date and the Final Settlement Amount.  
(iv) 
Settlement 
Subject as provided herein, on each date on which a cash amount falls to be paid in respect of 
any Certificate as provided above, the Issuer shall, on the relevant date, pay or cause to be 
paid the aggregate cash amounts due on such date to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the account of the relevant Certificateholder such payment to be made in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. The 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in respect of the amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, as the holder of 
a particular number of the Certificates must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each such payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
All payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment and subject to the provisions of General Condition 12 (Expenses 
and Taxes). 
(d) General 
The purchase of Certificates does not confer on any Certificateholder any rights (whether in respect 
of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Share. 
6 
Settlement

--- Page 488 ---
488 
 
(a) Exercise Notice 
In order to receive any cash amount in respect of a Certificate, save where Condition 5(a) or Condition 
5(b)(ii) applies, the relevant Certificateholders must deliver, or send by tested telex (confirmed in 
writing), a duly completed Exercise Notice (the form of which may be obtained from Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Warrant Agents during normal office hours) containing the 
information set out below to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy 
to the Principal Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 5 and this 
Condition. 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and must: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject of such 
Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
specify whether the Certificates the subject of the Exercise Notice are being exercised in 
respect of an Exercise Date, an Additional Exercise Date or, in respect of Saudi Participation 
Certificates, the Expiration Date (Saudi); 
(iii) 
in respect of the Final Settlement Date only: 
(A) 
specify the number of the Certificateholder's account at Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Certificates; and 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, to debit the relevant Certificateholder's account with such Certificates on or 
before the Final Settlement Date; 
(iv) 
specify the name and number of the Certificateholder's cash account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be credited with any Cash Settlement 
Amount or the Final Settlement Amount; 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay or be liable for all Exercise Expenses, and an authority to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to deduct an amount in respect 
thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount or the Final Settlement Amount due to such 
Certificateholder and/or to debit a specified account of the Certificateholder at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise 
Expenses; and 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Exercise Notice may result in such notice being treated 
as null and void. Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper 
form shall be made by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (in consultation 
with the Principal Warrant Agent) and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Warrant 
Agents and the relevant Certificateholder.  Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form or which is not copied to the Principal Warrant 
Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in consultation with the Principal Warrant Agent, it shall be deemed 
to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and copied to the Principal Warrant Agent.

--- Page 489 ---
489 
 
Any Certificate with respect to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered 
in the manner set out above by the relevant cut-off time specified in Condition 5(a) or Condition 5(b) 
shall become void. 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the Certificateholder submitting an 
Exercise Notice if it has been determined as provided above that such Exercise Notice is incomplete 
or not in proper form.  In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, 
the Warrant Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be liable to any person with 
respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the 
notification of such determination to a Certificateholder. 
(b) Verification 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the 
Certificates referred to therein according to its books. Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the Principal Warrant Agent the Series number and 
the number of Certificates being exercised and the account details for the payment of the relevant 
Cash Settlement Amount or the Final Settlement Amount or any other cash amounts payable in 
respect of the Certificates. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Warrant Agent will inform 
the Issuer thereof. 
In relation to the Final Settlement Date, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will, on or before the 
relevant date, debit the account of the relevant Certificateholder with the Certificates being exercised. 
(c) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Certificates is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date, the relevant Additional Exercise Date or, in respect of Saudi Participation 
Certificates, the Expiration Date (Saudi), as the case may be, and none of the Issuer and the Warrant 
Agents shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after 
using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices.  None of the Issuer 
and the Warrant Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Certificates.". 
2.2 
Amendments to the Share Conditions 
In the event that a Potential Adjustment Event occurs in relation to a Corporate Action or a Dividend, 
as the case may be, the provisions of Share Condition 2 (Consequences of Adjustment Events) of 
Underlying Schedule 2 shall not apply to that Potential Adjustment Event, except as otherwise 
provided herein. 
3 
Exercise, Settlement and Early Termination for APAC Participation Certificates and 
APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be APAC Participation Certificates 
or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, the following shall apply: 
3.1 
Exercise 
In order to exercise a Certificate, the holder thereof must deliver, in accordance with General 
Condition 6, an Exercise Notice pursuant to the terms thereof, unless the Certificates are 
automatically exercised. 
If the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that a Certificateholder has the option to vary settlement 
and in an Exercise Notice a Certificateholder elects for settlement by way of physical delivery, then

--- Page 490 ---
490 
 
for the purposes of the provisions of General Condition 5(a)(i), the Actual Exercise Date for such 
Physical Delivery Certificates shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice Delivered Date, provided 
that a Certificateholder may only elect for settlement by way of physical delivery if the Exercise 
Notice Delivered Date is no later than the Physical Delivery Election Cut-off Date and provided 
further that the Certificates the subject of an Exercise Notice deemed delivered after the Physical 
Delivery Election Cut-off Date shall be deemed to be Cash Settled Certificates notwithstanding an 
election to the contrary in such Exercise Notice. 
3.2 
Settlement 
In addition to the other requirements for an Exercise Notice as described in General Condition 6, in 
the case where physical delivery has been selected by the Issuer or, if the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specify that a Certificateholder has the option to vary settlement, by the 
Certificateholder, the Certificateholder shall also be required in the Exercise Notice to acknowledge: 
(a) 
in the case of physical delivery of the Entitlement, it has made such regulatory filings 
and has obtained such approvals and accounts as may be necessary to permit 
physical delivery of the Entitlement; 
(b) 
if physical delivery is applicable, physical delivery of the Entitlement will only be made 
if permitted in accordance with all the applicable laws and regulations from time to 
time in force (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any applicable U.S. securities laws) 
and that, in the event that settlement by way of physical delivery is selected by it but:  
(i) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, relevant regulations do not permit 
such settlement by way of physical delivery as provided in the Conditions and 
the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to the Certificates the subject of 
such Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such settlement by way of 
physical delivery would not follow customary market practice, or would 
otherwise not be in accordance with the Issuer's internal policies, or is not 
practicable; 
(iii) 
if the relevant Exercise Notice is deemed to be delivered after the Physical 
Delivery Election Cut-off Date,  
then the Certificates shall be deemed to be Cash Settled Certificates and the 
Certificateholder shall receive the Cash Settlement Amount rather than the 
Entitlement, notwithstanding that settlement by way of physical delivery was specified 
in such Exercise Notice; 
(c) 
any Relevant Asset or Substitute Asset delivered by the Issuer may be subject to 
transfer restrictions and additional certifications may be required from such 
Certificateholder and, in the event that such additional certifications are required, an 
undertaking of such Certificateholder to provide such additional certifications; 
(d) 
it will pay any Additional Costs incurred by the Calculation Agent and an 
acknowledgement that delivery of the Entitlement shall be subject to payment of any 
such Additional Costs; 
(e) 
the Certificates may only be exercised in amounts that correspond to the Minimum 
Exercise Number (if any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(f) 
in the discretion of the Calculation Agent, in the event that settlement by way of 
physical delivery is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event or a

--- Page 491 ---
491 
 
Failure to Deliver, such Certificateholder will receive the Disruption Cash Settlement 
Price or the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable, instead of the 
Entitlement as further described in the Conditions. 
3.3 
Early Termination  
3.3.1 
Definitions 
The Early Termination provisions in the General Conditions apply and for such purpose: 
“Early Termination Amount” means either the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement, 
as is specified to Certificateholders in the notice given to them in accordance with the 
Conditions, as the Issuer shall determine if the Certificates that are cancelled following an 
Early Termination Event are either Cash Settled Warrants or Physical Delivery Certificates. 
For the purpose of determining the amount due or assets deliverable on an Early Termination 
Settlement Date, the date specified in the notice given to Certificateholders or, if none, the 
date on which the Issuer gives notice to Certificateholders, will be deemed to be the Actual 
Exercise Date. 
“Early Termination Event” means the determination by the Issuer at any time from and 
including the Issue Date to and including the Expiration Date to cancel all or some only of the 
outstanding Certificates. 
“Early Termination Settlement Date” means such date as is specified to Certificateholders 
in the notice given to them in accordance with the Conditions specifying that an Early 
Termination Event has occurred and such notice shall also specify the applicable Termination 
Cut-off Date for the purpose of the Conditions. 
3.3.2 
Partial Termination 
An Early Termination Event may relate to all or some only of the Certificates. The Issuer will 
notify Certificateholders of the number of Certificates to be cancelled on the relevant Early 
Termination Settlement Date in the notice given to them in accordance with the Conditions. 
In the event that the Issuer exercises its right to cancel some only of the outstanding 
Certificates, the Certificates to be cancelled will be selected in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
3.3.3 
Exercise by Certificateholders of Certificates the subject of an Early Termination Event 
In the event that an Early Termination Event occurs in respect of a Certificate, but on or 
before two Business Days prior to the relevant Early Termination Settlement Date, an 
Exercise Notice is deemed by the Issuer to be delivered in accordance with General 
Condition 6 in respect of such Certificate, then such Certificate will not be cancelled on the 
Early Termination Settlement Date but will instead be settled as an exercise by the 
Warrantholder as otherwise provided herein. 
4 
Saudi Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be Saudi Participation Certificates, 
the following shall apply: 
4.1 
Adjustment Provisions 
4.1.1 
Increased Cost of Hedging

--- Page 492 ---
492 
 
The definition of "Increased Cost of Hedging" set out in Share Condition 1 (Definitions) in 
Underlying Schedule 2 shall be amended as follows by the deletion of sub-paragraphs (A) 
and (B) thereof and the substitution of the words "conduct its Hedging" therefor. 
4.1.2 
Consequences of Adjustment Events 
The following shall be inserted at the end of Share Condition 2 (Consequences of Adjustment 
Events) in Underlying Schedule 2: 
"In relation to an adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Share Condition 
2(a), in its determination of the occurrence of any Adjustment Event or any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Certificates, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any 
amounts of Local Taxes that would be withheld from or paid by or otherwise incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor as determined by the Calculation Agent, in connection with the relevant 
Adjustment Event. 
In the event that any adjustment made (or not made) by the Calculation Agent to the terms 
of the Certificates on the basis of assumptions regarding deliveries of securities or payments 
from the Share Company or to or by a Hypothetical Investor as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, which subsequently turns out to be incorrect, then the Calculation Agent may 
determine the necessary adjustments to any term of the Certificates (including, without 
limitation, adjusting the amount of any future payments) to correct the result of such incorrect 
assumption and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices).  Any such adjustment shall take effect 
on the date as specified in such notice.". 
4.1.3 
Corrections 
The reference to "Settlement Date" in Share Condition 3 (Corrections) in Underlying 
Schedule 2 shall be deemed to be a reference to "Final Settlement Date". 
4.1.4 
Realisation Disruption 
The definitions of "Hedging Party", "Hedging Position" and "Realisation Disruption Event" set 
out in General Condition 17 (Realisation Disruption) in the case of English Law Certificates 
and General Condition 18 (Realisation Disruption) in the case of German Law Certificates 
shall be deleted and the definitions of "Hedging Party" and "Hedging Position" in this 
Participation Conditions Annex and the following definition of “Realisation Disruption Event” 
shall be substituted therefor: 
"”Realisation Disruption Event” means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to conduct its Hedging (as defined below) or suffers any 
material delay in conducting its Hedging (PROVIDED THAT any such inability or delay did 
not already apply on the Trade Date).  
“Hedging” means to: 
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any 
Hedging Party deems necessary to hedge, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk (including, but not 
limited to, any currency risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Certificates and/or any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of 
Hedging Positions between accounts within the jurisdiction of the Hedging

--- Page 493 ---
493 
 
Position (the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the Affected 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
without prejudice to (ii) above, transfer (A) amounts denominated in the 
Settlement Currency from accounts within the Local Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside such Local Jurisdiction, to other accounts within such Local Jurisdiction 
or to the accounts of a non-resident of such Local Jurisdiction or (B) amounts 
denominated in the Local Currency from accounts within the Local Jurisdiction 
to other accounts within such Local Jurisdiction, to accounts outside such Local 
Jurisdiction or to the accounts of a non-resident of such Local Jurisdiction; or 
(iv) 
without prejudice to (ii) and (iii) above, convert the Settlement Currency into a 
Local Currency or a Local Currency into the Settlement Currency. 
4.2 
Additional provisions for Saudi Participation Certificates 
It is a term of Saudi Participation Certificates and, by the purchase of a Certificate, each 
Certificateholder shall be deemed to acknowledge that: 
(i) 
none of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any 
Certificateholder shall acquire any interest in (including, without limitation, voting 
rights) or right to acquire or dispose of any underlying Shares by virtue of the issue or 
purchase of a Certificate, as applicable;  
(ii) 
neither the Issuer nor any Certificateholder is obliged to sell, purchase, hold, deliver 
or receive any underlying Shares or to act in any specific manner in respect of any 
corporate action relating to any underlying Share; and 
(iii) 
the primary right and obligation of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) and Certificateholders is to receive and/or make the respective payments 
of cash thereunder, as applicable. 
5 
APAC Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be APAC Participation Certificates, 
the following shall apply: 
5.1 
Dividends 
The Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of any Dividend Amount in relation to each Certificate, 
such payment to be made to the Certificateholder that would receive such Dividend Amount 
according to market practice in relation to a sale of Shares executed on the Business Day preceding 
the Ex-Date (as if such Certificateholder had been the buyer in such sale) notwithstanding that such 
person may not be the holder of the Certificate as of the relevant Settlement Date.   
As soon as practicable after the occurrence of an Ex-Date, the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and to the Principal Warrant 
Agent stating the occurrence of the Ex-Date, giving details thereof and setting out the method and 
anticipated date of payment of the relevant Dividend Amount. The Calculation Agent shall determine 
the person(s) to whom any Dividend Amount should be paid.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Certificates are Physical Delivery Certificates, the provisions 
of the penultimate paragraph of General Condition 5(c)(ii) shall apply to dividends (as defined in 
General Condition 5(c)(ii)) payable in respect of the Shares from and including the Actual Exercise 
Date for such Certificates.

--- Page 494 ---
494 
 
5.2 
Adjustment Provisions – Stock Dividends and Rights Issues 
In the event that a stock dividend or dividend in the form of Shares (a “Stock Dividend”) in respect 
of the Shares is declared by the Share Company during the period from and including the Issue 
Date to but excluding the Expiration Date, in lieu of making an adjustment to the Certificates, the 
Issuer may issue an amount of further Certificates (the “Further Certificates”) to the 
Certificateholder that would receive such Stock Dividend according to market practice in relation to 
a sale of Shares executed on the Business Day preceding the date of declaration of such Stock 
Dividend (if such Certificateholder had been the buyer in such sale) to reflect the issue of the Stock 
Dividend (as adjusted for any Taxes, charges or expenses which the Calculation Agent determines 
would be or would have been, withheld or payable in the Share Currency in relation to or by or on 
behalf of a resident foreign investor, had such foreign investor received such Stock Dividend) 
notwithstanding that such person may not be the holder of the Certificate as of the date on which 
the Further Certificates are issued. Further Certificates issued pursuant to this paragraph may be 
issued to the Certificateholders free of charge or at an issue price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
In addition, in the event that a rights issue (a “Rights Issue”) in respect of the Shares is declared 
by the Share Company during the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Expiration Date, in lieu of making an adjustment to the Certificates, the Issuer may issue an amount 
of Further Certificates to the Certificateholder that would receive such Rights Issue according to 
market practice in relation to a sale of Shares executed on the Business Day preceding the date of 
declaration of such Rights Issue (if such Certificateholder had been the buyer in such sale) to reflect 
the Rights Issue (as adjusted for any Taxes, charges or expenses which the Calculation Agent 
determines would be or would have been, withheld or payable in the Local Jurisdiction in relation to 
or by or on behalf of a resident foreign investor had such foreign investor received such Rights 
Issue) notwithstanding that such person may not be the holder of the Certificate as of the date on 
which the Further Certificates are issued. Further Certificates issued pursuant to this paragraph may 
be issued to the Certificateholders at an issue price as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Issuer may issue the Further Certificates, if any, to the relevant person five Business Days 
following the day on which a foreign investor would have received the relevant Stock Dividends or 
Shares upon exercise of the Rights Issue or such later date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine. The Calculation Agent shall determine the persons to whom the Further Certificates 
should be issued. 
If the Certificateholder holds more than one Certificate, the number of Certificates held by such 
Certificateholder may be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Further 
Certificates to be issued to such Certificateholder pursuant to the above. 
In the event that any Further Certificates are to be issued at an issue price, no Certificateholder will 
be obligated to purchase such Further Certificates but if such Further Certificates are not purchased 
pursuant to the relevant terms of offer, none of the Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any 
further obligations to the relevant Certificateholder in respect of such Stock Dividend or Rights Issue, 
as the case may be. 
Upon the declaration of a Stock Dividend or a Rights Issue by the Share Company and the election 
by the Issuer to issue Further Certificates, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) stating the declaration of the 
Stock Dividend or the Rights Issue, the election by the Issuer to issue Further Certificates and giving 
details thereof.  
5.3 
Underlying RMB Disruption Event

--- Page 495 ---
495 
 
Where "Underlying RMB Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, upon the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer may 
determine one or more of the following actions: 
(i) 
the First Valuation Date and/or any date for payment and/or delivery in respect of the 
Certificates be postponed to the tenth Business Day after the date on which the Underlying 
RMB Disruption Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be 
commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter;  
(ii) 
by giving notice to the Certificateholder(s) in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices), 
cancel the Certificates. If the Certificates are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay to each 
Certificateholder in respect of each Certificate held by such holder, an amount equal to the 
fair market value of a Certificate on a day selected by the Issuer less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements but taking into 
account, if already paid and applicable, the Exercise Price(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Upon the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon 
as practicable, to the holder(s) stating the occurrence of the Underlying RMB Disruption Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Where Realisation Disruption and/or any Additional Disruption Event is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement and an event occurs that could be a Realisation Disruption and/or 
an Additional Disruption Event or, alternatively, also be an Underlying RMB Disruption Event, the 
above Underlying RMB Disruption Event provisions will prevail.  
Where RMB Disruption Event and Underlying RMB Disruption Event are both specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement and an event or condition occurs that could be either 
be a RMB Disruption Event or an Underlying RMB Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent may 
determine which such provisions shall apply to such event or condition.   
For the purpose of the above: 
“Underlying RMB Disruption Event” means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
occurrence of an Underlying RMB Illiquidity, an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility or an Underlying 
RMB Non-Transferability.  
Where: 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Certificates. 
“Underlying RMB Illiquidity” means the occurrence of any event or circumstances whereby (i) the 
general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, 
the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the CGMFL Guarantor cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under 
the Certificates or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position would not be able to obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Position; or (ii) it becomes 
impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be impossible or impractical for any 
party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of any exchange rate relevant to the Certificates 
or any Hedging Position, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Underlying RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, impracticable or illegal for, or has the effect of

--- Page 496 ---
496 
 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a 
Hedging Position to convert (i) any amount as may be required to be paid by any party on any 
payment date in respect of the Certificates or (if applicable) any Hedging Position; or (ii) such other 
amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent to be necessary to fulfil the physical delivery 
obligations (if any) on any settlement date, in Renminbi, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticality or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the first Tranche of this Series and it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of that party, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
“Underlying RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedging Position 
and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside any relevant Underlying 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside any relevant Underlying RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) to an account outside any relevant Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where 
the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in any relevant Underlying RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account outside any relevant Underlying 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside any relevant Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s), 
other than where such impossibility, impracticality or illegality is due solely to the failure of the 
relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date of the 
first Tranche of this Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for that party and/or any of 
its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or any of its Affiliates (as 
applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Underlying RMB Settlement Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no Underlying 
RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Underlying RMB 
Settlement Centre shall be Hong Kong. 
6 
APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to be APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates, the following shall apply: 
6.1 
Conversion Option 
6.1.1 
Election of conversion option 
In relation to each Certificate, each Certificateholder has the right to elect that some or all of 
the Certificates held by such Certificateholder be converted into Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates as described below (such election the “Conversion Option”). The 
Conversion Option may be exercised by the relevant Certificateholder on any Business Day 
during the relevant Exercise Period by delivering an Exercise Notice in the manner set out in 
General Condition 6, the date of exercise of such Conversion Option in respect of a 
Certificate, the “Actual Exercise Date”. 
In the event that the relevant Certificateholder elects to exercise the Conversion Option, 
following due exercise of such option and subject, in the case of Certificates represented by 
a Regulation S Global Certificate, a Permanent Global Certificate or a Combined Global 
Certificate (in respect of interests held by persons who are not QIBs) to certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership and in the case of Certificates represented by a Combined 
Global Certificate or a 144A Global Certificate (in respect of interests held by persons who

--- Page 497 ---
497 
 
are QIBs) to certification as to QIB status and to payment of any Expenses and PROVIDED 
THAT as determined by the Calculation Agent (i) the Calculation Agent is or would be 
permitted in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations to convert the Debt 
Securities Amount and does so convert or would be able so to convert the Debt Securities 
Amount into Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Debt Securities by the day 
falling five Business Days after the relevant Actual Exercise Date (the “Conversion Date”) 
and (ii) the Issuer is or would be able to issue and/or deliver Conversion APAC Participation 
Certificates in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and its internal policies 
and procedures, each such Certificate shall entitle its holder, in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date, to receive a number of Conversion APAC Participation Certificates on such 
Conversion Date. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that the Calculation Agent is not or would 
not be permitted in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations to convert the Debt 
Securities Amount into Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Debt Securities 
or is not able or would not be able, having used reasonable endeavours, to so convert the 
Debt Securities Amount in accordance with the terms of the relevant Debt Securities by the 
Conversion Date and/or the Issuer is not or would not be able, having used reasonable 
endeavours, to issue and/or deliver Conversion APAC Participation Certificates in 
accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and its internal policies and procedures, 
the Certificates shall be deemed not exercised, the relevant Exercise Notice shall be null and 
void and the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the 
relevant Certificateholder that the Exercise Notice is null and void. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may, but are not obliged to, hold 
Debt Securities in order to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Certificates and 
may, but are not obliged to, exercise any rights of conversion pursuant to the terms of such 
Debt Securities. 
6.1.2 
Exercise Notice 
For the purposes of the Conversion Option, the form of Exercise Notice set out in General 
Condition 6(a)(i) shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
the words "and specify whether such Certificates are being exercised or whether the 
Conversion Option is being exercised pursuant to the Exercise Notice" shall be 
inserted after the words "the subject of the Exercise Notice" on the third line of 
paragraph (A) thereof; 
(ii) 
the words "or, the Conversion Date (in the case of APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates following the exercise of the Conversion Option)" shall be 
inserted after the words "the Early Termination Settlement Date" on the sixth and 
seventh lines of paragraph (C) thereof; 
(iii) 
by the insertion of the following paragraphs as paragraph (J) and paragraph (K) 
thereof (and the remaining sub-paragraphs shall be renumbered): 
"(J) in the case of APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates following 
exercise of the Conversion Option, (A) in the case of Certificates represented by 
a Regulation S Global Certificate, a Permanent Global Certificate, a Rule 144A 
Global Certificate or a Combined Global Certificate held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, specify the 
number of the Certificateholder's account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, to be credited with the relevant Conversion APAC

--- Page 498 ---
498 
 
Participation Certificates for each Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the 
subject of the Exercise Notice, (B) in the case of Certificates represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Certificate held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the 
details of the account to be credited with the relevant Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates for each Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the 
subject of the Exercise Notice, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise 
Notice; 
(K) in the case of APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates, include an 
undertaking to pay all Expenses and a confirmation that the delivery of any 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates is subject to, inter alia, as provided 
in Condition 6.1.1 of the Participation Conditions Annex, and (A) in the case of 
Certificates represented by a Regulation S Global Certificate, a Permanent 
Global Certificate, a Rule 144A Global Certificate or a Combined Global 
Certificate held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear, an authority to Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear to debit a 
specified account of the Certificateholder at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses, (B) 
in the case of Certificates represented by a Rule 144A Global Certificate held by 
a Custodian on behalf of DTC, an authority to the New York Warrant Agent to 
debit a specified account of the Certificateholder in respect thereof and to pay 
such Expenses;"; and 
(iv) 
the words "or certify, in the case of Certificates represented by a Combined Global 
Certificate or a 144A Global Certificate (in respect of interests held by persons who 
are QIBs), that the Certificateholder and the beneficial owner of each Certificate or 
Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is a QIB and acknowledge 
that the Issuer may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A in issuing the Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates" shall be inserted after the words "or as otherwise defined in 
the applicable Issue Terms" on the fifth and sixth lines of paragraph (L) thereof (such 
paragraph number, as amended as provided above). 
6.2 
Coupon 
The Issuer shall pay or procure the payment of any Coupon Amount in relation to each Certificate 
on the relevant Settlement Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Coupon Payment Date, the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and to the Principal Warrant 
Agent stating the occurrence of the Coupon Payment Date, giving details thereof and setting out 
the method and anticipated date of payment of the relevant Coupon Amount. The Calculation Agent 
shall determine the person(s) to whom any Coupon Amount should be paid.  
6.3 
Adjustment Provisions relating to Debt Securities 
6.3.1 
Early termination of Debt Securities 
(a) 
Partial Early Redemption, Partial Compulsory Conversion, Early Redemption Event and 
Compulsory Conversion Event 
In the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Debt Securities are 
redeemed and/or converted in whole or in part prior to their stated maturity date 
pursuant to their terms for any reason (other than by reason of a Credit Event as set 
out below), the Issuer will:

--- Page 499 ---
499 
 
(I) 
in relation to a redemption in part (a “Partial Early Redemption”) and/or 
conversion in part (a “Partial Compulsory Conversion”) of the Debt 
Securities, require the Calculation Agent to determine whether such Partial 
Early Redemption or Partial Compulsory Conversion affects any Hedging 
Positions (the “Aggregate Hedge Position”) or otherwise makes it impossible, 
impracticable or unduly onerous for the Issuer and/or its Affiliates to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Certificates and, if so, give notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and the 
Issuer will: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
in respect of a Partial Early Redemption, pay the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Certificate on the Early 
Redemption Date; or 
(II)  
in respect of a Partial Compulsory Conversion, in the 
determination of the Issuer either (i) if "Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, deliver one or more Conversion 
APAC Participation Certificates relating in aggregate to a number 
of Shares equal to the Conversion Share Amount, in respect of 
each 
Certificate, 
subject 
to 
payment 
by 
the 
relevant 
Certificateholder of any Expenses and subject to such rounding 
provisions as shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) 
pay the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Certificate 
on the Early Redemption Date; and/or 
(B) 
in respect of either a Partial Early Redemption or a Partial Compulsory 
Conversion, reduce the Debt Securities Amount by an amount equal to 
the Affected Portion and/or require the Calculation Agent to determine 
in its sole discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to 
the terms of the Certificates to account for the payment of any Early 
Redemption Amounts or the delivery of any Conversion APAC 
Participation Certificates and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(II) 
in relation to a redemption in whole (an “Early Redemption Event”) and/or 
conversion in whole (a “Compulsory Conversion Event”) of the Debt 
Securities, cancel the Certificates by giving notice to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). If the Certificates are so 
cancelled, the Issuer will either (i) in respect of a Compulsory Conversion 
Event, if "Conversion APAC Participation Certificates" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, deliver one or more 
Conversion APAC Participation Certificates relating in aggregate to a number 
of Shares equal to the Conversion Share Amount, in respect of each Certificate, 
subject to payment by the relevant Certificateholder of any Expenses and 
subject to such rounding provisions as shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or (ii) in respect of an Early Redemption Event or a Compulsory 
Conversion Event, pay the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Certificate on the Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 500 ---
500 
 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to Certificateholders in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices). 
In order to receive delivery of any Conversion APAC Participation Certificates as 
provided above, Certificateholders must deliver a duly completed Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 6 on or prior to the date specified 
by the Issuer in the relevant notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and/or its Affiliates may, but are not obliged to, 
maintain any Aggregate Hedge Position in respect of the Certificates. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3.1 of the Participation Conditions Annex, the following 
definitions apply: 
“Conversion Share Amount” means, in respect of a Partial Compulsory Conversion or a 
Compulsory Conversion Event, an amount of Shares equal to the number of Shares into 
which (i) in respect of a Partial Compulsory Conversion, each Certificate's pro rata portion 
(the “Affected Portion”) of the nominal amount of Debt Securities comprising the Aggregate 
Hedge Position affected by the Partial Compulsory Conversion or (ii) in respect of a 
Compulsory Conversion Event, the Debt Securities Amount, is converted pursuant to the 
terms of the Debt Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Certificate, (A) in respect of a Partial 
Early Redemption or an Early Redemption Event, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the amount which a foreign investor would have received pursuant to the 
terms of the Debt Securities as a result of the Early Redemption Event (the “Early 
Redemption Proceeds”) if it held the Early Redemption Securities Amount (less all 
Expenses), such resulting amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Early 
Redemption Exchange Rate or (B) in respect of a Partial Compulsory Conversion or a 
Compulsory Conversion Event, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the product of 
(a) the Average Share Price converted into the Settlement Currency at the Early Redemption 
Exchange Rate and (b) the Conversion Share Amount. 
Where: 
“Average Share Price” means the price per Share (less any Sale Costs) arising from 
the sale by the Calculation Agent of the Sold Shares and where the Sold Shares are 
sold, at the option of and in the manner determined by the Calculation Agent, in such 
numbers of the Shares and at such times on the date falling one Scheduled Trading 
Day after the date of the occurrence of the Partial Compulsory Conversion or the 
Compulsory Conversion Event (the “Conversion Event Date”),  
PROVIDED THAT, the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion not to sell on the 
Exchange all or any of the Sold Shares on the Conversion Event Date (for any reason) 
and those Shares comprising the Sold Shares not sold on the Conversion Event Date 
shall be sold as soon thereafter as the Calculation Agent determines in its 
commercially reasonable judgement. The period of Scheduled Trading Days from and 
including the Conversion Event Date to the Scheduled Trading Day on which all the 
Sold Shares have been sold shall be the “Share Valuation Period”. 
References herein to a sale of Shares shall be deemed to be references to a notional 
or actual sale of Shares by the Calculation Agent as a foreign investor and references 
to "sell" and "sold" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 501 ---
501 
 
“Sale Costs” means (without double counting and expressed on a per Share basis), 
the sum of: (a) any Exercise Expenses in relation to a sale of Sold Shares; and (b) an 
amount, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the commission that the Issuer 
or its Affiliates would ordinarily charge its clients for a sale of Sold Shares. 
“Sold Shares” means an amount of Shares equal to the product of A and B where A 
means the Conversion Share Amount and B means the number of Certificates 
outstanding on the Conversion Event Date.  
“Early Redemption Date” means the date falling five Business Days after the date on which 
a foreign investor would have received actual cash payment of the Early Redemption 
Proceeds or delivery of the Shares into which the relevant Debt Securities are converted 
pursuant to their terms. 
“Early Redemption Exchange Rate” means the Security Currency/Settlement Currency 
exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the Security Currency (or part thereof) 
for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
Where the Security Currency and the Settlement Currency are the same currency, then the 
Early Redemption Exchange Rate shall be 1. 
“Early Redemption Securities Amount” means (i) in respect of a Partial Early Redemption, 
each Certificate's pro rata portion (the “Affected Portion”) of the nominal amount of Debt 
Securities comprising the Aggregate Hedge Position affected by the Partial Early 
Redemption and (ii) in respect of an Early Redemption Event, the Debt Securities Amount, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
6.3.2 
Adjustments to the terms of the Debt Securities 
If on or prior to the Final Settlement Date in respect of any Certificate, the Securities Issuer 
makes a material change to the terms of the Debt Securities, then the Issuer may require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the terms 
of the Certificates to account for such change and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. 
6.3.3 
Notification 
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an adjustment to the terms of the Debt 
Securities as provided in paragraph 6.3.2 above, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event or material change, as the case may 
be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
6.4 
Credit Event Termination 
6.4.1 
Occurrence of a Credit Event 
In the event that a Credit Event occurs during the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (and including) the Expiration Date (the “Certificate Term”) and the Calculation Agent 
delivers a Credit Event Notice and a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer, 
the Issuer may give notice (such notice a “Certificateholder Credit Event Notice”) to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with General Condition 11 (Notices) and cancel the 
Certificates. If the Certificates are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay the Credit Event Amount 
in respect of each Certificate on the Credit Event Redemption Date. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Certificateholders in accordance with General 
Condition 11 (Notices).

--- Page 502 ---
502 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Issuer gives a Certificateholder Credit Event Notice 
as provided above, all Certificates in respect of which no Cash Settlement Amount has been 
paid will be cancelled, including those in respect of which an Exercise Notice has been given 
prior to the giving of the Certificateholder Credit Event Notice but in relation to which no Cash 
Settlement Amount has been paid. 
6.4.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4 of the Participation Conditions Annex: 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity: 
(v) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(vi) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; 
(vii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(viii) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or 
petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (x) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof or before the Expiration Date, whichever is 
earlier; 
(ix) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(x) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets;  
(xi) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days 
thereafter or before the Expiration Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(xii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in clauses (i) to (vii) (inclusive). 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" definition that is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money.

--- Page 503 ---
503 
 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for 
the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, 
deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of any one or more of "Bankruptcy", "Failure to Pay", 
"Obligation Acceleration", "Obligation Default", "Repudiation/Moratorium", "Restructuring" or 
"Governmental Intervention", as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to 
a defence based upon:  
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter 
into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described;  
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or 
the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or 
apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
however described; or  
(iv) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions 
or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, 
however described. 
“Credit Event Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
which may be zero.  
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may 
be by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation 
to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred during the Certificate Term. 
“Credit Event Redemption Date” means the day falling five Business Days after the final 
Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant Valuation Period. 
“Default Requirement” means U.S.$10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event. 
“Failure to Pay” means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or 
cap on the liability of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the 
Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by 
reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the

--- Page 504 ---
504 
 
outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall 
not be considered to be variable inputs). 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof);  
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a 
resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial 
markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of 
its obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in sub-
paragraphs (i) to (iii) hereof. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more 
of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the 
payment or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; 
or 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the 
beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (iii) hereof. 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means:

--- Page 505 ---
505 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in 
effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; and 
(ii) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period 
with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less 
than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such 
Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be 
deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that such deemed Grace Period 
shall expire no later than the Expiration Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified, for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so 
specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 Settlement Day, or (b) 
otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency. 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" definition that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent (which may be in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by 
telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to 
deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event 
described in the Credit Event Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description 
in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If a Credit Event Notice 
contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be 
a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
“Obligation” means any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) which is a Payment obligation. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event or default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable 
before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, 
the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference 
Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including without limitation, Borrowed Money.

--- Page 506 ---
506 
 
“Payment Requirement” means U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event. 
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the 
facts relevant to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice 
has occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources, (regardless of whether 
the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information);  
(b) 
is information received from or published by (x) the Reference Entity or (y) a trustee, 
fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for an Obligation;   
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; or 
(d) 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, is a public announcement by the DC 
Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event constitutes a Credit Event (where "DC Secretary", "Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee" and "Resolve" are each as defined in the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof), 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) hereof 
is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction surrounding 
the confidentiality of such information. 
(i) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs and (b) and (c) 
above, the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement understanding or other restriction regarding 
the confidentiality of such information and that the entity disclosing such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or 
would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties.   
(ii) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state that the relevant 
occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or  
(C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(iii) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available 
Information must relate to the events described in both subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
“Public Source” means each of Bloomberg Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street 
Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the

--- Page 507 ---
507 
 
Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation) pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which another party is the Underlying Obligor, by guarantee of payment and 
not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent 
thereto in form under the relevant governing law).  A Qualifying Guarantees shall not include 
any guarantee which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or 
letter of credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form). 
“Reference Entity” means, for the purposes of this Condition 6.4 of the Participation 
Conditions Annex, the Securities Issuer and any direct or indirect successor to the Securities 
Issuer that assumes the obligations under the Debt Securities by way of merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer or otherwise, whether by operation of law or pursuant 
to any agreement, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(i) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(C) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; or  
(D) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether 
de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(ii) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with 
respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Expiration Date. 
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of the 
Obligation to bind all the holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) 
by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and 
such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
later of the Issue Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:   
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of 
an exchange);  
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or premium;

--- Page 508 ---
508 
 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest, principal 
or premium to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in 
the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces 
the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a member state of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;  
(b) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a member state of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate of amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; 
and 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result 
from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity provided that in respect of (v) above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by Governmental Authority of a member state of the European Union which is 
of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under (i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First 
Obligation), a contractual, trust or other similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the 
holders of the First Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
Subordinated will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another

--- Page 509 ---
509 
 
obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account and (y) in the case of the Reference 
Obligations, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which 
it was issued or incurred and shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of 
payment after such date.   
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the 
subject of the guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 510 ---
510 
 
SECTION E.18 – APAC COMPLIANCE ANNEX 
This APAC Compliance Annex shall apply in respect of Certificates where "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings" or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" or "Additional 
Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index Provisions for China 
Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Certificates are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation Certificates or China Participation Certificates or 
Taiwan Participation Certificates.  
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the 
General Conditions, the relevant Underlying Schedule, the Multi-Underlying Annex or the Participation 
Conditions Annex, as applicable. 
1 
Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation 
Certificates, the Holders thereof should note that the terms of the Certificates will require them to make 
certain representations, warranties, undertaking and agreements as further detailed below and in the 
Participation Conditions Annex: 
"The Indian government imposes upon foreign institutional investors in India certain restrictions in 
connection with their investment in the Indian securities and derivatives market and in their transactions 
with counterparties. In particular, the Indian government requires such foreign institutional investors to 
comply with certain know-your-client obligations. In order to fulfil these obligations, certain 
acknowledgements, representations, warranties and undertakings are required from the holders of 
Certificates in connection with any transaction with the holders of Certificates in respect of any Certificates. 
Accordingly, by the purchase of any Certificates, each holder of a Certificate will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted, acknowledged, agreed and undertaken that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Certificates are being held, each holder of Certificates will 
be deemed to represent, warrant and acknowledge that its purchase of the Certificates is in full compliance 
with the following selling restrictions and it undertakes to comply with and agrees to the selling restrictions 
below (or if any holder of Certificates is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional 
fiduciary acting on behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or account of a client, 
such holder of Certificates will be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake that such client has 
confirmed to such holder of Certificates that such client represents, warrants, acknowledges, agrees and 
undertakes that): 
1. 
It is not a (i) an "Indian Resident" or (ii) a "Non-Resident Indian" or (iii) an “Overseas Citizen of India” 
(each of (i),(ii) and (iii) a “Restricted Entity”) or (iv) an Unregulated Category II foreign portfolio 
investor classified as such by virtue of its investment manager being appropriately regulated or (v) 
a Category III foreign portfolio investor, (each of (iv) and (v) a “Prohibited Entity”); 
2. 
It is not a person/entity wherein: 
(a) 
Contribution of a single Restricted Entity is 25 per cent. or above of the total contribution in 
its corpus; or 
(b) 
Aggregate contribution of Restricted Entities is 50 per cent. or above of the total contribution 
in its corpus.

--- Page 511 ---
511 
 
(c) 
A Restricted Entity is in control (as defined below) of it, except where:  
(i) 
it is an "offshore fund" for which a no-objection certificate has been provided by SEBI 
in terms of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996; 
or 
(ii) 
it is controlled by investment managers (which are controlled and/ or owned by 
Restricted Entity) who are either (i) appropriately regulated in its home jurisdiction and 
registered with SEBI as a non-investing foreign portfolio investor; or (ii) incorporated 
or set up under Indian laws and appropriately registered with SEBI. 
For the purposes of this representation, an “investment manager” means an entity 
performing the role of investment management, investment advisory or any equivalent role, 
including trustee. 
For the purpose of this representation, “control” includes the right to appoint a majority of the 
directors or to control the management or policy decisions exercisable by a person or persons acting 
individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by virtue of their shareholding or 
management rights or shareholders agreements or voting agreements or in any other manner; 
3. 
Where an Indian Resident (being an individual) is a constituent of the holder of Certificates, the 
contribution of resident Indian individuals shall have been made through the Liberalised Remittance 
Scheme (LRS) notified by Reserve Bank of India and shall have been in global funds whose Indian 
exposure is less than 50 per cent. 
4. 
Where Indian Residents (other than individuals) are constituents of the holder of Certificates: 
(i) 
(a) such Indian Resident is an eligible fund manager of the holder of Certificates, as provided 
under sub-section (4) of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961); and (b) such 
holder of Certificates is an eligible investment fund as provided under sub-section (3) of 
section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) which has been granted approval under 
the Income Tax Rules, 1962; or 
(ii) 
(a) the holder of the Certificates is an Alternative Investment Fund set up in the International 
Financial Services Centres and regulated by the International Financial Services Centres 
Authority; (b) such Indian Resident is a sponsor or manager of the holder of Certificates; and 
(c) the contribution of such Indian resident shall be up to 2.5 per cent. of the corpus of the 
holder of Certificates or U.S.$ 750,000 (whichever is lower), if the holder of Certificates is a 
Category I or Category II Alternative Investment Fund; or 5 per cent. of the corpus of the 
holder of Certificates or U.S.$ 1.5 million (whichever is lower), if the holder of Certificates is 
a Category III Alternative Investment Fund. 
5. 
It agrees and undertakes to comply with the requirements set out in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above 
at all times and it shall rectify any breach of the conditions therein within a prescribed period as may 
be permitted under relevant applicable laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, 
regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, upon issue of any orders or directives to that 
effect, from time to time, from the date of occurrence of such breach. If the breach is not rectified 
within this time period, it shall take all steps as may be required by the Issuer, including, if required, 
to ensure that the Certificate is terminated immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer.  
It also confirms that subscribing to the Certificate would not result in Prohibited Entities indirectly 
subscribing for or dealing in the Certificate in contravention of Regulation 22 of the FPI Regulations; 
6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it also confirms that it is not a person/entity who is under the control of 
a Prohibited Entity. For the purposes of this representation, control shall have the same meaning 
as set out in paragraph 2 above;

--- Page 512 ---
512 
 
7. 
It shall notify the Issuer immediately, as soon as it is registered as a Prohibited Entity, either 
consequent to filing of an application with a Designated Depository Participant or as a result of a re-
categorisation and it shall take all steps as may be required by the Issuer, including, if required, to 
ensure that the Certificate is terminated immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer; 
8. 
It is: 
(a) 
a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to the International 
Organization of Securities Commission's Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding 
(Appendix A Signatories) or a signatory to a bilateral Memorandum of Understanding with 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”); or, if it falls within the ambit of a 
Category I foreign portfolio investor, a resident of a country approved by the Government of 
India; or 
(b) 
where it is a bank, a resident of a country whose central bank is a member of the Bank for 
International Settlements; 
9. 
It, as well as its underlying investor(s) contributing 25 per cent. or more of its corpus or identified on 
the basis of control, is not (a) mentioned in the Sanctions List notified by the United Nations Security 
Council; or (b) from a country identified in the public statement of Financial Action Task Force as (i) 
a jurisdiction having a strategic Anti-Money Laundering or Combating the Financing of Terrorism 
deficiencies to which counter measures apply; or (ii) a jurisdiction that has not made sufficient 
progress in addressing the deficiencies or has not committed to an action plan developed with the 
Financial Action Task Force to address the deficiencies; 
10. 
It does not have an Opaque Structure under the terms of the FPI Regulations, as defined in Annex 
A to these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". It may be treated 
as not having an Opaque Structure if: 
(a) 
it is regulated in its home jurisdiction; 
(b) 
each fund or sub fund which will be making investments in India through the Certificates 
satisfies the Broad Based Fund criteria as set out in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings"; and 
(c) 
it undertakes to provide information regarding its beneficial owners as and when the Issuer 
or SEBI seeks this information, as the case may be; 
(d) 
it undertakes that it does not maintain any outstanding bearer shares and will not issue bearer 
shares in future; 
11. 
Where it is a multi-class share vehicle by constitution and has more than one class of shares or an 
equivalent structure, either (i) a common portfolio is being maintained for all classes of shares and 
it satisfies the Broad Based Fund criteria as set out in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings ", or (ii) a segregated portfolio is being maintained 
for separate classes of shares and the class of shares which will be making investments in India 
through the Certificates, satisfies the Broad Based Fund criteria. Where it is an insurance/ 
reinsurance company, it (i) has an undivided common portfolio; and (ii) there is no segregated 
portfolio or investor/ policy-holder level investment structure; 
12. 
That it agrees and undertakes that with effect from 7 July 2017, it had not and shall not take any 
fresh Certificate or renew, extend or rollover their existing position in relation to Certificates with 
derivatives as underlying (with the exception of those derivative positions that are taken for the 
purpose of hedging the equity shares held on a one-to-one basis). For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
clarified that it shall be permitted to hold such Certificate already existing as of 7 July 2017, until the 
date of expiry of such positions or until 31 December 2020, whichever is earlier;

--- Page 513 ---
513 
 
13. 
The relevant Certificates do not violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any 
legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, any orders or directives, 
which may be issued from time to time, including in relation to its eligibility and permissibility of it to 
transact in Certificates; 
14. 
It agrees and undertakes to pay such fees, as sought by the Issuer, in terms of the applicable laws 
(including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, notifications, circulars or 
guidelines), or, any orders or directives, which may be issued from time to time, including in relation 
to the subscription for Certificates; 
15. 
That the relevant Certificates have been purchased (and are being held by) or have been entered 
into by it as a principal for its own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or representative 
of any other person/entity and that it has not entered into any agreement or arrangement for the 
issuance of a back to back offshore derivative instrument (“ODI”) (as such term is defined for the 
purposes of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 
2014 and notifications, circulars, rules and guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
issued from time to time as may be amended from time to time (collectively referred to as the “FPI 
Regulations”) against the relevant Certificates; 
16. 
It has not entered into the relevant Certificate transaction(s), or will not deal in the Certificates, with 
the intent of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable under any laws 
applicable in India (including, without limitation, the FPI Regulations and any restrictions applying 
to foreign portfolio investors in relation to their issuances and/or other dealings of or in Certificates 
with, Restricted Entities, Prohibited Entities and Ineligible Entities (as hereinafter defined) or laws 
governing dealing in the securities market, including the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Markets) Regulations, 
2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, together with any modifications 
thereto or re-enactments thereof); 
17. 
It is an Eligible Entity as defined in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings"; 
18. 
It is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008; 
19. 
It is either (i) a registered Category I foreign portfolio investor or Category II foreign portfolio investor 
(excluding Unregulated Category II foreign portfolio investor), or, (ii) each holder: 
(a) 
is legally permitted to invest in securities outside the country of its incorporation or 
establishment or place of business;  
(b) 
is authorised by its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association or equivalent 
document(s) or the agreement to transact in the relevant Certificates; 
(c) 
has sufficient experience, good track record, is professionally competent, financially sound 
and has a generally good reputation for fairness and integrity; and 
(d) 
It has not been restricted or constrained (including, without limitation, by any authority, 
regulator or court), from investing in its home country or overseas, or, convicted of any money 
laundering related offence; 
20. 
It undertakes and agrees to provide such information and documents (including in relation to any 
procedures on identification and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer from time 
to time in relation to its beneficial owners and any intermediate shareholder/ owner entity (as may

--- Page 514 ---
514 
 
be applicable), as set out below. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “beneficial owner” 
shall be as provided under sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the Prevention of Money-laundering 
(Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 read (“PML Rules”) with the SEBI Circular bearing ref no. 
CIR/IMD/FPI&C/59/2016 dated 10 June 2016, paragraph 1 of the SEBI Circular bearing ref no. 
CIR/IMD/FPIC/CIR/P/2018/131 dated 21 September 2018 and the relevant provisions of the FPI 
Regulations, as amended and modified from time to time: 
(a) 
Where it is a company, a person who, whether acting alone or together, or through one or 
more person(s), has a controlling ownership interest or exercises control through other 
means. For the purposes of this paragraph, “controlling ownership interest” shall have the 
same meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of Rule 9 of the PML Rules, which 
means ownership of or entitlement to more than 25 per cent. of shares or capital or profits of 
the company; and “control” shall have the same meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule 
(3) of Rule 9 of the PML Rules, which includes the right to appoint a majority of the directors 
or to control the management or policy decisions including by virtue of their shareholding or 
management rights or shareholders agreements or voting agreements. 
(b) 
Where it is a trust, beneficiaries / persons exercising effective control with 15 per cent. or 
more interest in it, along with information and documents, if required, on the author of the 
trust and the trustee. 
(c) 
Where it is a partnership firm, any person who, whether acting alone or together, or through 
one or more person(s), has ownership of/entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of capital or 
profits of the partnership. Where it has a General Partner / Limited Partnership structure, 
identification of the beneficial owner will be determined on the basis of ownership or 
entitlement and control. 
(d) 
Where it is an unincorporated association or a body of individuals, a person who, whether 
acting alone or together, or through one or more person(s), has ownership of or entitlement 
to more than 15 per cent. of the property or capital or profits of such association or body of 
individuals; 
21. 
It agrees that in respect of holders coming from high risk jurisdictions (as designated by the Issuer 
at its own discretion) the materiality threshold set out above for identification of beneficial owner 
may be reduced to 10 per cent. It also undertakes and agrees that where no material 
shareholder/beneficial owner is identified by applying the thresholds under paragraph 20 it shall 
provide such information and documents (including in relation to any procedures on identification 
and verification of identity) as may be requested by the Issuer including in relation to the natural 
person who holds the position of its senior managing official, the investment manager or the 
investment adviser or the person controlling investments or the person who controls the operations; 
22. 
It shall not, and shall ensure that none of its nominees, associates or affiliates shall sell, transfer, 
assign, novate or otherwise dispose of any Certificate or any interest in any Certificate to, or enter 
into any agreement or arrangement for the issuance of back-to-back ODIs against the relevant 
Certificate or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing (each, a 
“Transfer”) with, any person/entity which is a Restricted Entity, a Prohibited Entity or any 
person/entity which is not an Eligible Entity (an “Ineligible Entity”). Save for any Transfer(s) to a 
Pre-Approved Transferee (as defined below) pursuant to paragraph 23 below, prior to any Transfer 
being undertaken in respect of any Certificate: 
(a) 
the prior written consent of the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall be 
obtained by it and;

--- Page 515 ---
515 
 
(i) 
it shall issue a written notice (“Transfer Notice”) to the Issuer in such form as the 
Issuer may determine for the purpose of obtaining such prior written consent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or the Issuer's associates/affiliates shall have absolute discretion in 
granting or withholding such prior written consent; 
(b) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates shall have the 
right to require the person/entity to whom the Transfer is proposed to be made (“Proposed 
Transferee”) to provide, and it shall procure that the Proposed Transferee promptly provides, 
the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case may be) with all such information 
that the Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates (as the case may be) may require with 
respect to its or their client on-boarding programme, policies or procedures, anti-money 
laundering programme, or other such programme (as the case may be) (collectively, “Client 
Identification Programme”); and 
(c) 
the Proposed Transferee shall issue a written undertaking (“Transferee Undertaking”) to 
the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in such form as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates may 
determine. 
For the avoidance of doubt it is clarified that this paragraph 22 shall not apply: (i) in the event the 
Transfer is pursuant to a direct sale and purchase of the Certificates to and by the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates, or (ii) to the registration on its behalf of any Certificate in the name of any 
custodian, sub-custodian or nominee. Further, a Proposed Transferee who has obtained the written 
consent of the Issuer or its associates/affiliates in respect of a Transfer pursuant to this paragraph 
20 shall for the purposes hereof hereafter constitute a “Pre-Approved Transferee”; 
23. 
In the case where it or its nominees, associates or affiliates sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise 
dispose of any Certificate, or any interest in any Certificate, to, or enter into any back-to-back ODI 
or enter into an agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing with, a Pre-Approved 
Transferee (a “Pre-Approved Transferee Transfer”), it shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in 
such form as the Issuer may determine within two (2) Hong Kong business days after the Pre-
Approved Transferee Transfer; 
24. 
The Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised to provide information in their possession 
regarding it, each Proposed Transferee, its nominees or associates/affiliates and/or the Proposed 
Transferee, each Certificate transaction and any breach of the terms of these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" to any Indian governmental or regulatory authority 
(each an “Authority”) as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates reasonably deem necessary or 
appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of such Authority from time to time, 
including but not limited to disclosures in periodic reportings made by the Issuer or its 
associates/affiliates to any Authority; 
25. 
In the case where it changes investment managers/advisers/sub-managers/sub-advisers (each, a 
“Manager/Adviser Transfer”), it shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer 
may determine thirty (30) Hong Kong business days prior to the Manager/Adviser Transfer; 
26. 
It shall ensure that investment (including, synthetically through Certificates) by it, whether directly in 
its own name as a foreign portfolio investor or as an ODI subscriber, or by entities in the Investor 
Group (as such term is defined in Annex A to these "Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings") to which it belongs, in equity shares of each Indian company is below 
ten per cent. of the total issued capital of such company and it shall provide information in this regard 
to the Issuer, as and when and in such form and manner as may be required; 
27. 
It shall procure its nominees or associates/affiliates to provide the Issuer or its associates/affiliates 
(as the case may be) promptly with such additional information that the Issuer or its

--- Page 516 ---
516 
 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) reasonably deems necessary or appropriate in order to 
comply with regulations or requests of any Authority from time to time; 
28. 
It acknowledges that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, any terms or 
obligations under these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" 
(including, without limitation, any restrictions with respect to a Transfer) (“Certificateholder 
Obligations”) may result in non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, applicable 
laws, rules, regulations, governmental orders or directions, or in regulatory sanctions or other 
actions against any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates and may cause irreparable harm to the 
Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates. Accordingly, it further acknowledges that, in the event of any 
non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of any Certificateholder Obligations by it, 
any Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may notify any Authority of any such breach, violation or 
contravention and exercise any rights and take any measures available to it under the terms of any 
Certificate or these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings", or any 
other measures to prevent, avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such non-compliance, breach, violation 
or contravention, including but not limited to termination of the Certificates by the issuer or its 
associates/affiliates; 
29. 
These "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" replace and subsume 
any previous "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" undertaken or 
agreed to by it; 
30. 
The Issuer and/or its associates/affiliates may, to the extent required to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, clarifications, directions, orders and/or decrees 
issued by a governmental or regulatory authority, issue a written notice to it, unilaterally amending 
the terms of these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" and such 
written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and accepted by it when issued; 
31. 
It shall promptly notify the Issuer or its associates/affiliates should any of the representations, 
warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings and material information given by it 
(including any direct or indirect change in structure or ownership or control), whether in respect of it 
or otherwise, be in breach (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes a breach contemplated under 
paragraph 3 above), change or no longer hold true after the purchase of the relevant Certificates; 
and 
32. 
All the provisions of these "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" shall 
survive the termination of any Certificate which is the subject matter of these "Indian Compliance 
Representations, Warranties and Undertakings". 
The paragraphs above being the “Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings”.  
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
ANNEX A 
Definitions 
(a) 
“Non-resident Indian” as the term is defined under regulation 2 of the Foreign Exchange Management 
(Transfer or issue of security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations, 2017, which, as of the 
date of this notice, means an individual resident outside India who is a citizen of India. 
(b) 
“Person” as the term is defined in Section 2(u) of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 
("FEMA"), which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, includes: 
(i) 
an individual;

--- Page 517 ---
517 
 
(ii) 
a Hindu Undivided Family; 
(iii) 
a company; 
(iv) 
a firm; 
(v) 
an association of persons or a body of individuals, whether incorporated or not; 
(vi) 
every artificial juridical person, not falling within any of the preceding sub-clauses; 
(vii) 
any agency, office or branch owned or controlled by such person. 
(c) 
“Indian Resident” means a person resident in India in terms of Section 2(v) of FEMA which, as of the 
date of this notice, includes: 
(i) 
a person residing in India for more than one hundred and eighty-two days during the course of the 
preceding financial year but does not include: 
(A) 
a person who has gone out of India or who stays outside India, in either case: 
(a) 
for or on taking up employment outside India, or 
(b) 
for carrying on outside India a business or vocation outside India, or 
(c) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay outside India for an uncertain period; 
(B) 
a person who has come to or stays in India, in either case, otherwise than: 
(a) 
for or on taking up employment in India, or 
(b) 
for carrying on in India a business or vocation in India, or 
(c) 
for any other purpose, in such circumstances as would indicate his 
intention to stay in India for an uncertain period; 
(ii) 
any person or body corporate registered or incorporated in India; 
(iii) 
an office, branch or agency in India owned or controlled by a person resident outside India; 
(iv) 
an office, branch or agency outside India owned or controlled by a person resident in India. 
For the purposes of this definition, “person resident outside India” in terms of Section 2(w) of 
FEMA which means a person who is not resident in India. 
(d) 
“Broad Based Fund” as the term is defined in Explanation 2 to Regulation 5(b) of the FPI Regulations 
which (A) means a fund, established or incorporated outside India, which has at least twenty investors, 
with no single individual investor holding more than forty nine per cent of the shares or units of the fund, 
provided that (i) if the Broad Based Fund has an institutional investor who holds more than 49 per cent. 
of the shares or units in the fund, then such institutional investor must itself be a Broad Based Fund, 
provided further that if an investor has a Bank, Sovereign Wealth Fund, Insurance/ Reinsurance company 
or a Pension Fund as its institutional investor, then such investor shall be deemed to be broad based 
subject to the condition that such institutional investor(s) shall, jointly or separately, hold more than 50 
per cent. of the shares or units of the fund in the such fund at all times; and provided also that in cases 
where broad based status is achieved on the basis of investor(s) of an underlying fund, then such 
underlying fund shall also be required to fulfil the extant eligibility requirements as specified for foreign 
portfolio investors from time to time by SEBI; (B) for the purposes of clause (A), for ascertaining the 
number of investors in a fund, direct investors as well as underlying investors shall be considered, and 
(C) for the purposes of clause (B), only investors of entities which have been set up for the sole purpose

--- Page 518 ---
518 
 
of pooling funds and making investments, shall be considered for the purpose of determining underlying 
investors. 
(e) 
“Person who is regulated by an appropriate foreign regulatory authority” as the term is defined in 
Regulation 22 of the FPI Regulations has the same meaning as referred to under Explanation 1 to 
Regulation 5(b) of the FPI Regulations and means a person shall be considered to be "appropriately 
regulated" if it is regulated or supervised by the securities market regulator or the banking regulator of 
the concerned foreign jurisdiction, in the same capacity in which it proposes to make investments in India. 
(f) 
“Category I foreign portfolio investor”, as the term is defined in Regulation 5(a) of the FPI Regulations, 
which includes Government and Government related investors such as central banks, Governmental 
agencies, sovereign wealth funds and international or multilateral organizations or agencies. A 
"government agency" shall mean an entity in which more than 75 per cent. of ownership or control is held 
by the Government of a foreign country. 
(g) 
“Category II foreign portfolio investor”, as the term is defined in Regulation 5(b) of the FPI Regulations, 
which includes appropriately regulated Broad Based Funds such as mutual funds, investment trusts, 
insurance/reinsurance companies; appropriately regulated persons such as banks, asset management 
companies, investment managers/ advisors, portfolio managers, broker dealers and swap dealers; 
Unregulated Category II foreign portfolio investors; university funds and pension funds; and university 
related endowments already registered with SEBI as foreign institutional investors or sub-accounts.  
(h) 
“Unregulated Category II foreign portfolio investor”, in terms of Regulation 5(b)(iii) of the FPI 
Regulations includes Broad Based Funds that are not appropriately regulated but whose investment 
manager is appropriately regulated, provided that (i) the investment manager of such Broad Based Fund 
is itself registered as Category II foreign portfolio investor; and (ii) the investment manager undertakes 
that it shall be responsible and liable for all acts of commission and omission of all its underlying Broad 
Based Funds and other deeds and things done by such Broad Based Funds under the FPI Regulations. 
(i) 
“Category III foreign portfolio investor” as the term is defined in Regulation 5(c) of the FPI Regulations 
includes all others not eligible under Category I and II foreign portfolio investors such as endowments, 
charitable societies, charitable trusts, foundations, corporate bodies, trusts, individuals and family offices. 
(j) 
“Eligible Entity” shall refer to: 
(i) 
a Person who is regulated by an appropriate foreign regulatory authority; or 
(ii) 
Sovereign Wealth Funds (“SWF”) and Foreign Government Bodies, Foreign Central Banks, 
Foreign Governmental Agencies and International or Multilateral Organisations Agencies (each 
an “FGB”); or 
(iii) 
insurance and reinsurance companies, if they are regulated or supervised by the relevant regulator 
in their concerned foreign jurisdiction in the same capacity in which they propose to make 
investments in India ; or 
(iv) 
university funds and pension funds, and university related endowments already registered with 
SEBI as of 31 May 2014 as foreign institutional investors or subaccounts, which are regulated or 
supervised by the relevant regulator in their concerned foreign jurisdiction. 
(k) 
“Opaque Structure” as the term is defined in Regulation 32(1)(f) of the FPI Regulations, shall mean any 
structure such as a (i) protected cell company, a segregated cell company or equivalent, where the details 
of the ultimate beneficial owners are not accessible or where the beneficial owners are ring fenced from 
each other or where the beneficial owners are ring fenced with regard to enforcement, or (ii) where the 
entity or investor identified on basis of threshold for identification of beneficial owner have issued any 
bearer shares or maintained any outstanding bearer shares.

--- Page 519 ---
519 
 
(l) 
“Ultimate beneficial owner” shall have the same meaning as assigned to the term "beneficial owner" 
under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002. 
(m) 
“Investor Group” shall include: 
(i) 
in case of individual investors, the individual and their relatives, within the meaning of Section 
2(77) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013; 
(ii) 
in case of other investors, all such entities having common ownership, directly or indirectly, more 
than 50 per cent. or common control. 
For the purposes of this definition common control shall not be considered where: 
(i) 
the holder is an appropriately regulated public retail fund; 
(ii) 
the investors in the holder are public retail funds majority owned by appropriately regulated public 
retail fund on look through basis; 
(iii) 
the holder is a public retail fund and the investment managers of the fund are appropriately 
regulated. 
(n) 
“Overseas Citizen of India” as the term is defined under regulation 2 of the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Transfer or issue of security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations, 2017, which, 
as of the date of this notice, means an individual resident outside India who is registered as an Overseas 
Citizen of India Cardholder under Section 7 (A) of the Citizenship Act, 1955. 
(o) 
“Senior managing official”, for identification as beneficial owner, shall mean an individual, as 
designated by the holder, who holds a senior management position and makes key decisions relating to 
the holder. 
2 
Additional provisions for Indian Participation Certificates 
Where "Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Indian Participation 
Certificates, then the Issuer has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the relevant holder of the 
Certificates, to cancel all or some only of the Certificates (the “Regulatory Termination Certificates”) 
upon a breach by any holder of any of the Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings set out in sub-paragraph 1 above, and determine whether such Regulatory Termination 
Certificates will be Cash Settled Certificates or Physical Delivery Certificates.  
As provided above, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or some only of the Certificates but where, in the 
determination of the Issuer, it is practicable (including if so provided for by the operating procedures from 
time to time of any relevant clearing system), the Issuer shall cancel only the Certificates of the or each 
Certificateholder that has breached or is in breach of the Indian Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the 
Regulatory Termination Certificates, the date of cancellation will be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date 
in respect of such Regulatory Termination Certificates.  
Any settlement will be made as provided above or as the Issuer may otherwise notify to the 
Certificateholders. Upon any such settlement, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Certificates shall 
be discharged.

--- Page 520 ---
520 
 
3 
China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where the Certificates are APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates that are China Participation Certificates or "China Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by the purchase of any 
Certificate, each Certificateholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed 
that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Certificates are being held, each holder of the Certificates 
will be deemed to represent and warrant that its purchase of the Certificates is in full compliance with the 
following selling restrictions and it undertakes and agrees to the selling restrictions below (or if any holder 
of the Certificates is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional fiduciary acting on 
behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or account of a client, such holder of the 
Certificates will be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake that such client has confirmed to such 
holder of the Certificates that such client acknowledges, represents, warrants, agrees and undertakes 
that):  
1. 
It is not (1) a PRC Citizen resident in the PRC, (2) a PRC Citizen resident outside the PRC who is 
not a permanent resident of another country or region, or permanent resident of Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region or Taiwan region, unless otherwise 
permitted by the laws, administrative regulations and rules of the PRC or (3) a Legal Person 
Registered in the PRC (except a Legal Person Registered in the PRC whose purchase of the 
Warrants has been conducted pursuant to a programme approved by, or registered with, any 
competent regulator in the PRC) (each a “Domestic Investor”);  
2. 
In the case where the Certificates are purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a 
trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management decision over the trust 
is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, in the case only 
where a trust's investments are being managed on a discretionary basis by an investment manager, 
such investment manager shall not be deemed to control such entity for the purposes of this 
representation by reason only of it being able to control the decision-making in relation to the entity's 
financial, investment and/or operating policies; 
3. 
All amounts paid or to be paid by it in connection with any Certificate did not and will not involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC; and 
4. 
It confirms that its transactions in the Certificates (i) will not contravene any applicable law or 
regulation of the PRC; and (ii) are not for purposes of gaining or exercising control or influence over 
the management of the issuer of the securities underlying the Certificates, and the holder fully 
understands that the Issuer relies on this confirmation to enter into any transactions in the 
Certificates with the holder. 
Each purchaser of the Certificates is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration date of 
such Certificates): 
5. 
It will comply with all applicable PRC laws and regulations, including those in relation to disclosure 
of interests and any related disposal restrictions; 
6. 
It acknowledges that the Issuer or its Affiliates may be required to disclose information relating to, 
among other things, the details of its transactions in the Certificates or the identities of any party 
having a legal or beneficial interest in the Certificates as may be required by any relevant regulatory 
authorities (including, without limit, CSRC and SAFE) or as may be required under any law,

--- Page 521 ---
521 
 
regulation, orders or other lawful request, and it agrees to all such related disclosure and hereby 
waives confidentiality with regard thereto.   
7. 
It shall promptly provide the Issuer or its Affiliates with such additional information that they 
reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of any 
governmental or regulatory authorities from time to time; with regard to the identity and other details 
of the holder or the beneficial owners in respect of the transactions in the Certificates, these include 
but are not limited to (i) the category to which the holder belongs (i.e., hedge fund, corporate, 
individual, pension fund, trust, etc.); (ii) in the case where the holder is a fund or the Certificates are 
purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust fund, names of the fund managers 
and investment advisors; and (iii) the source of funding of the holder.  Where any such information 
is maintained by any third party on behalf of the holder and the trust fund, it shall ensure that 
appropriate procedures are implemented with such third party to enable the prompt disclosure of 
such information to the Issuer or its Affiliates on request; 
8. 
It will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the Certificates to any transferee 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer or its Affiliates, and will provide notice of the transfer 
restrictions in this paragraph to any subsequent transferee.  To the extent such Certificates or any 
of its interest or obligation therein is sold, transferred, assigned, novated or disposed of by the holder 
in accordance with these terms, the holder undertakes to ensure that the transferee (i) is not a 
Domestic Investor, (ii) in the case where the Certificates are purchased by the transferee as or on 
behalf of a trustee for a trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management 
decision over the trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s), and (iii) is not financing 
all or any part of the Certificates from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC.  Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with this clause will be 
void;  
9. 
It will promptly notify the Issuer or its Affiliates should any of the representations, warranties, 
agreements and undertakings given by it changes or no longer holds true. 
The Paragraphs 1 to 9 above being the “China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings”. 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
(a) 
“CSRC” means the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People's Republic of China. 
(b) 
“Legal Person Registered in the PRC” means an entity incorporated or organised in the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
(c) 
“PRC” means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan for this 
purpose). 
(d) 
“PRC Citizen” means any person holding a resident identification certificate of the PRC (excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
(e) 
“trust” includes a trust fund or any similar arrangement where the legal title to the trust assets are held 
by a trustee or legal representative but the beneficial interests in the trust assets are held by beneficiaries; 
and trustee shall be construed accordingly. 
(f) 
“SAFE” means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China.

--- Page 522 ---
522 
 
4 
Additional provisions for China Participation Certificates 
Where "China Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are China Participation 
Certificates, then the Issuer has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the relevant holder of the 
Certificates, to cancel all or some only of the Certificates (the “Regulatory Termination Certificates”) 
upon a breach by any holder of any of the China Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings set out in sub-paragraph (b) below, and determine whether such Regulatory Termination 
Certificates will be Cash Settled Certificates or Physical Delivery Certificates as long as not prohibited by 
any applicable law.  
As provided above, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or only some of the Certificates but where, in the 
determination of the Issuer, it is practicable (including if so provided for by the operating procedures from 
time to time of any relevant clearing system), the Issuer shall cancel only the Certificates of the or each 
Certificateholder that has breached or is in breach of the China Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the 
Regulatory Termination Certificates, the date of cancellation will be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date 
in respect of such Regulatory Termination Certificates.  
Any settlement will be made as provided above or as the Issuer may otherwise notify to the 
Certificateholders.  Upon any such settlement, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Certificates 
shall be discharged. 
5 
Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where the Certificates are APAC Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation 
Certificates that are Taiwan Participation Certificates or "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by the purchase of any 
Certificate, each Certificateholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed 
that: 
On the date of purchase and on each day the Certificates are being held, each holder of the Certificates 
will be deemed to represent and warrant that its purchase of the Certificates is in full compliance with the 
following selling restrictions and it undertakes and agrees to the selling restrictions below (or if any holder 
of the Certificates is a broker-dealer acting on behalf of a client or other professional fiduciary acting on 
behalf of a discretionary or similar account held for the benefit or account of a client, such holder of the 
Certificates will be deemed to represent, warrant and undertake that such client has confirmed to such 
holder of the Certificates that such client acknowledges, represents, warrants, agrees and undertakes 
that):  
1. 
it is not, and it is not purchasing the Certificates for the benefit or account of (1) a person with 
household registration in, or an entity(ies) incorporated in the PRC  (collectively, “PRC Person”), 
(2) an entity(ies) incorporated outside the PRC (including an entity(ies) incorporated in Hong Kong, 
Macau or Taiwan) that is controlled by a PRC Person(s) or (3) an entity(ies) incorporated outside 
the PRC (including an entity(ies) incorporated in Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan) which is more than 
thirty per cent. (30%) owned, directly or indirectly, by a PRC Person(s). 
2. 
it is not purchasing the Certificates utilising funds sourced from the PRC or Taiwan. 
3. 
when purchasing the Certificates, it is not (1) an Insider or (2) the spouse or minor child of an Insider 
or (3) a person or entity which would be deemed to be a "nominee" of an Insider.

--- Page 523 ---
523 
 
Each purchaser of the Certificates is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration date of 
such Certificates): 
4. 
It authorises, instructs and empowers the Issuer and its Affiliates to submit all such information and 
file all such reports with the regulatory authorities of Taiwan regarding the Certificateholder, the 
Certificates, or otherwise, as may be required by the Taiwan Regulations Governing Investments in 
Securities by Overseas Chinese and Foreign Nationals or otherwise as may reasonably be 
requested by Taiwan authorities;. 
5. 
It undertakes and agrees that it will provide the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or, to the extent permitted 
by the relevant governmental or regulatory authority, provide directly to such governmental or 
regulatory authority, such additional information, from time to time, that the Issuer or its Affiliates 
deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with any request by any governmental or 
regulatory authority or the court of competent authority or if so required under applicable regulations 
in Taiwan; and 
6. 
It waives any objection such Certificateholder may have with respect to 4 or 5 above on the grounds 
of confidentiality or otherwise. 
The Paragraphs 1 to 6 above being the “Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings”. 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below: 
Definitions 
(a) 
“Insider” means a shareholder holding directly, or indirectly through nominees, their spouse or minor 
children, more than ten per cent. (10%) of the shares issued by, or a director, supervisor or manager of, 
a Taiwan company the shares of which are traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange 
and which constitute an Underlying in respect of the Certificates. 
(b) 
“PRC” means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Taiwan, for this purpose). 
6 
Additional provisions for Taiwan Participation Certificates 
Where "Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings" are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be APAC 
Participation Certificates or APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates that are Taiwan Participation 
Certificates, then the Issuer has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the relevant holder of the 
Certificates, to cancel all or some only of the Certificates (the “Regulatory Termination Certificates”) 
upon a breach by any holder of any of the Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties and 
Undertakings set out in sub-paragraph (b) below, and determine whether such Regulatory Termination 
Certificates will be Cash Settled Certificates or Physical Delivery Certificates.  
As provided above, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or some only of the Certificates but where, in the 
determination of the Issuer, it is practicable (including if so provided for by the operating procedures from 
time to time of any relevant clearing system), the Issuer shall cancel only the Certificates of the or each 
Certificateholder that has breached or is in breach of the Taiwan Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the 
Regulatory Termination Certificates, the date of cancellation will be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date 
in respect of such Regulatory Termination Certificates.

--- Page 524 ---
524 
 
Any settlement will be made as provided above or as the Issuer otherwise may notify to the 
Certificateholders.  Upon any such settlement, all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Certificates 
shall be discharged. 
7 
China Connect Service Compliance Representations, Warranties and Undertakings 
Where "Additional Provisions for Shares traded through the China Connect Service" or "Additional Index 
Provisions for China Connect Service" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, by the 
purchase of any Certificate, each Certificateholder will be deemed to have represented, warranted, 
undertaken and agreed that: 
Each purchaser of the Certificates is deemed to have agreed and undertaken as follows (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, such agreements and undertakings shall survive the maturity or expiration date of 
such Certificates): 
1. 
It will comply with all applicable PRC laws and regulations, including those in relation to disclosure 
of interests and any related disposal restrictions; 
2. 
It acknowledges that the Issuer or its Affiliates may be required to disclose information relating to, 
among other things, the details of its transactions in the Certificates or the identities of any party 
having a legal or beneficial interest in the Certificates as may be required by any relevant regulatory 
authorities (including, without limit, CSRC and SAFE) or as may be required under any law, 
regulation, orders or other lawful request, and it agrees to all such related disclosure and hereby 
waives confidentiality with regard thereto.   
3. 
It shall promptly provide the Issuer or its Affiliates with such additional information that they 
reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of any 
governmental or regulatory authorities from time to time; with regard to the identity and other details 
of the holder or the beneficial owners in respect of the transactions in the Certificates, these include 
but are not limited to (i) the category to which the holder belongs (i.e., hedge fund, corporate, 
individual, pension fund, trust, etc.); (ii) in the case where the holder is a fund or the Certificates are 
purchased by the holder as or on behalf of a trustee for a trust fund, names of the fund managers 
and investment advisors; and (iii) the source of funding of the holder. Where any such information 
is maintained by any third party on behalf of the holder and the trust fund, it shall ensure that 
appropriate procedures are implemented with such third party to enable the prompt disclosure of 
such information to the Issuer or its Affiliates on request; 
4. 
It will not sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the Certificates to any transferee 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer or its Affiliates, and will provide notice of the transfer 
restrictions in this paragraph to any subsequent transferee. To the extent such Certificates or any 
of its interest or obligation therein is sold, transferred, assigned, novated or disposed of by the holder 
in accordance with these terms, the holder undertakes to ensure that the transferee (i) is not a 
Domestic Investor, (ii) in the case where the Certificates are purchased by the transferee as or on 
behalf of a trustee for a trust, interests in the trust are not majority-owned by, and the management 
decision over the trust is not controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s), and (iii) is not financing 
all or any part of the Certificates from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC. Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with this clause will be void;  
5. 
It will promptly notify the Issuer or its Affiliates should any of the representations, warranties, 
agreements and undertakings given by it changes or no longer holds true. 
The Paragraphs 1 to 5 above being the "China Connect Service Compliance Representations, Warranties 
and Undertakings". 
As used above, the following terms shall bear the meanings given to them below:

--- Page 525 ---
525 
 
Definitions 
“CSRC” means the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the People's Republic of China. 
“Legal Person Registered in the PRC” means an entity incorporated or organised in the PRC (excluding 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
“PRC” means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan for this purpose). 
“PRC Citizen” means any person holding a resident identification certificate of the PRC (excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
A “trust” includes a trust fund or any similar arrangement where the legal title to the trust assets are held 
by a trustee or legal representative but the beneficial interests in the trust assets are held by beneficiaries; 
and trustee shall be construed accordingly. 
“SAFE” means the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China.

--- Page 526 ---
526 
 
SECTION E.19 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s][●]-
[●] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or 
superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [●]-[●] 
(repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") and regulations made 
thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided 
above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the “SFA”) - The Issuer has determined the classification of the Warrants as prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]12 
 
12 To insert notice if classification of the Warrants is not “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant 
Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of 
securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 
of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an “accredited investor”, “expert 
investor”, “institutional investor” or “any other person that is not an individual”).

--- Page 527 ---
527 
 
[The contents of these Final Terms have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong 
Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about 
any content of these Final Terms, you should obtain independent professional advice.] 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [Other than with respect to offers 
of the Warrants [during the period[s] [●] to [●] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which a key information 
document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or an equivalent document 
under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition period under FinSA and 
its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect immediately prior to the entry into 
effect of FinSA, has been prepared],t][T]he Warrants are not intended to be offered or recommended to 
private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)/FinSA] in 
Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) 
FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private 
client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]13 
[These Final Terms have not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland 
for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)/FinSA]. 
Accordingly, the Warrants may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer 
does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither these Final Terms nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither these 
Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]14 
[Include if the Warrants or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", 
"ESG" or similar objectives: Warrants or the Underlying(s) of Warrants may be described or marketed as 
having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG" or similar objectives. Notwithstanding the use of such 
term(s), such Warrants or Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' 
objectives or expectations as regarding investments having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) 
may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments having such or 
other similar labels or objectives.] 
[Date] 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.] [Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
Legal Entity Identifier: [[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Warrants/Certificates]][Title of Warrants/Certificates] (the 
[“Warrants/Certificates”]) 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited] 
under the Citi Warrant Programme 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the 
basis that any offer of [Warrants/Certificates] in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the [Warrants/Certificates]. Accordingly and subject as provided above, any person 
making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the [Warrants/Certificates] may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant 
 
13  Include if Warrants are debt instruments with a “derivative character” for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
14  Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 528 ---
528 
 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor] 
and any Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] in any other circumstances. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1127. 
The [Warrants/Certificates] [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not at any time be 
offered, sold, resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended (“Regulation 
S”)) or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person, nor may any U.S. persons at any time trade or maintain a position 
in the Warrants. Each purchaser of Warrants is hereby notified that the offer and sale of the Warrants is 
being made in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
The [Warrants/Certificates] [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] [and any Entitlements] do not constitute, 
and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the “CEA”), and trading in the 
[Warrants/Certificates] has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the “CFTC”) pursuant to the CEA. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales 
of [Warrants/Certificates], see “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Warrants and Transfer Restrictions” 
in the Base Prospectus. 
The [Warrants/Certificates] may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose 
purchase and holding of the [Warrants/Certificates] is made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an 
employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 
4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or an employee benefit plan 
or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Final Terms or the Base Prospectus (as defined below), 
all persons may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the United States federal, 
state and local tax treatment of the [Warrants/Certificates], any fact relevant to understanding the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the [Warrants/Certificates], and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) relating to such United States federal, state and local tax 
treatment other than the names of the parties or any other person named herein, or information that would 
permit identification of the parties or other non-public business or financial information that is unrelated to 
the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the [Warrants/Certificates] with respect to such 
person and is not relevant to understanding the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] with respect to such person. 
The Issuer has not registered and will not register as an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. In addition, no person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA, and each purchaser of Warrants is hereby notified that the offer 
and sale of the Warrants is being made in reliance upon one or more exceptions and/or exclusions from 
regulation under the CEA. The Warrants may not be offered, sold, pledged, resold, delivered or otherwise 
transferred except in an “offshore transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) to persons 
that are “Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers” as defined below. “Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser” means a 
person who (i) is not a “U.S. person” (as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) is 
both (A) a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined under the CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under 
the CEA, but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible

--- Page 529 ---
529 
 
persons who are not “Non-United States persons” and (B) a “foreign located person” as defined in CFTC 
Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a “U.S. Person” or a “Significant Risk Subsidiary”, and does not benefit from 
a “Guarantee”, in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA (in each 
case as such rules may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded), and (iv) is not a “U.S. Person” 
as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the Exchange Act as defined herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser acquiring the Warrants is doing so for the account or benefit of another person, such other 
person must also be a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and transfers of Warrants, see “Subscription, Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Warrants will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, 
representations and agreements as set out in the “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Warrants and 
Transfer Restrictions” in the Base Prospectus”. 
 
Part A 
Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus [which constitutes] [and the Supplement(s) which together constitute] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the [Warrants/Certificates] described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer [, the 
CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus[, as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus 
[is] [, the Supplement(s) are] available for viewing at the specified offices of [the Manager[s] and] the 
Principal Warrant Agent. The Base Prospectus[, the Supplement(s)] and this Final Terms are also 
published on the website of [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin[ and [●] 
(specify relevant EEA regulated market where the Warrants are admitted to trading if different)]. 
“Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2022 relating to 
the Programme[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] “Supplement [No.[●]]”) [and 
a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] (“Supplement No.[●]” and, together with Supplement No.[●], the 
“Supplement(s)”)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Original Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
[Warrants/Certificates] described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)], which [constitutes] [together constitute] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement(s) to the Original 
Base Prospectus] and are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement(s)] and the Original Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s) to the Original Base 
Prospectus]. Copies of such documents are available for viewing at the specified offices of [the Manager[s] 
and] the Warrant Agents. Such documents and this Final Terms are also published on the website of  
[Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)][ and [⚫] (specify relevant EEA regulated market where the Warrants are admitted to 
trading if different)].

--- Page 530 ---
530 
 
For the purposes hereof, “Original Base Prospectus” means, in relation to the first tranche of the 
[Warrants/Certificates], the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Prospectus dated [insert date of original Base 
Prospectus] specified in the Final Terms for such first tranche[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) 
dated [⚫] ([the] “Supplement to the Original Base Prospectus”] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) 
dated [⚫] (“Supplement No.[⚫]” and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the “Supplement(s) to the 
Original Base Prospectus”])].] and “Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Prospectus 
dated 14 December 2022 relating to the Programme[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated 
[⚫] ([the] Supplement [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No.[⚫] and, together 
with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplement(s))].] 
[By the purchase of any [Warrants/Certificates], each [Warrantholder/Certificateholder] will be deemed to 
have represented and warranted that the acquisition of the [Warrant/Certificate] by it will not contravene 
any charter, investment objectives or internal policies, or any applicable laws or regulations, including 
without limitation, Section 12(d)(3) of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules promulgated 
thereunder.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
and words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Final 
Terms, save where otherwise expressly provided. 
Type, Issue and General Provisions 
1 
 
(a) Issuer: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.] [Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
 
(b) Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. 
Only 
Warrants/Certificates 
issued 
by 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A. are guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited) 
2 
 
Type: 
[Warrants][Certificates] 
3 
 
Governing Law: 
English law 
4 
 
(a) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(b) Consolidation: 
On [●], Tranche [●] of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
(“Tranche [●]”) are to be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the [insert title of relevant Series 
of [Warrants/Certificates]] issued on [insert issue 
date] (“Tranche [●]”)] 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable for fungible issues of 
Warrants/Certificates) 
5 
 
Type of [Warrant/Certificate]: 
The [Warrants/Certificates] are [[Index (including 
Index 
Warrants/Certificates 
relating 
to 
a 
Commodity Index)] [Share] [Rate] [Depositary 
Receipt] 
[ETF] 
[Mutual 
Fund] 
[Commodity] 
[Currency]] [Warrants/Certificates] (Specify one or 
a 
combination 
of 
the 
above 
for 
all 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
[Call] 
[Put] 
[Spread] [Delta One] [Warrants/Certificates]] (N.B.

--- Page 531 ---
531 
 
Call/Put Spread Warrants may not be Debt 
Warrants or Currency Warrants)  
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Exercise Style: 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
[[European 
Style][American 
Style][Multiple 
Exercise] 
[Warrants/Certificates]]] 
 
 
[The [Warrants/Certificates] are [Call/Put] Spread 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
and, 
therefore, 
are 
European Style [Warrants/Certificates] 
7 
 
(a) Trading method: 
[Nominal]/[Units] 
 
(b) [Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount] 
[Number of [Warrants/Certificates] 
being issued: 
[●] [Warrants/Certificates] 
[[being the equivalent of] [up to] [●] Units] (insert 
only if Trading in Units is specified as applicable 
below). 
 
[(c) Total number of 
[Warrants/Certificates] in issue: 
[●]] 
(NB: Insert description of issuances and any 
purchases and cancellations. Only applicable for 
fungible issues of Warrants/Certificates) 
 
[(d) Minimum trading size: 
[●] [Warrants/Certificates] [[being the equivalent of] 
[up to] [●] Units] (insert only if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below) 
 
[(e) Multiple trading size: 
[●] [Warrants/Certificates] [[being the equivalent of] 
[up to] [●] Units] (insert only if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below) 
(If a minimum trading size exists, this represents 
the higher integral multiple amount) 
 
8 
 
(a)    Trading in Units: 
[Not Applicable] [[Warrants/Certificates] must be 
exercised in Units. Each Unit consists of [●] 
[Warrants/Certificates]] (N.B. This is in addition to 
any requirements relating to “Minimum Exercise 
Number” or “Maximum Exercise Number” set out 
below)  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(b)    Unit value: 
[●] per Unit 
 
(c)    Aggregate proceeds amount: 
[●] (N.B. Specify as an amount calculated by 
multiplying the Issue Price and the aggregate issue 
size)  
9 
 
Trading in Nominal: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
10 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per [Warrant/Certificate/Unit] 
11 
 
Nominal amount per 
[Warrant/Certificate]: 
[●] per [Warrant/Certificate] (Include only if Trading 
in Nominal is Applicable above.) 
[Minimum denomination: [●]]

--- Page 532 ---
532 
 
[Multiple denomination: [●]] 
12 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
13 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] [(subject as provided in General Condition 17 of 
the English Law Warrants] 
14 
 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre(s) for the 
purposes of the definition of “Business Day” in 
General Condition 3 [is/are] [●] 
15 
 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (“Cash 
Settled 
[Warrants/Certificates]”)] 
[and/or] 
[physical 
delivery 
(“Physical 
Delivery 
[Warrants/Certificates]”) 
 
 
(Call/Put Spread Warrants/Certificates are Cash 
Settled Warrants/Certificates) 
16 
 
Hedging Taxes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
17 
 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
18 
 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
19 
 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[- and the Trade Date is [●]] (Including if Applicable 
and Trade Date not specified elsewhere below) 
20 
 
RMB Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
 
(c) Relevant Currency Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(d) Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(e) Trade Date: 
[●] 
21 
 
Form of the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
Registered Form: [Permanent Global / Regulation 
S Global / Rule 144A Global / Combined Global] 
[Warrant/Certificate] 
 
 
(N.B. Index Warrants relating to one or more 
Commodity Indices and/or Contracts, Currency 
Warrants and, Commodity Warrants may only be 
issued in Permanent Global Warrant form) 
 
 
[Private Placement Definitive Warrant] 
 
 
(N.B. German Law Warrants may only be issued in 
Permanent Global Warrant form)  
22 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited][Citibank N.A., London Branch][Citibank 
N.A., New York Branch][●] at [●] [(acting through 
its [●] department/group (or any successor 
department/group)]

--- Page 533 ---
533 
 
23 
 
Determinations 
[Sole and Absolute Determination] [Commercial 
Determination] 
 
24 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks:  
[Not Applicable]  
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as necessary) 
25 
 
Additional Requirements (General 
Condition 14): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
Interest (if any) 
(Delete in relation to Warrants/Certificates which do not bear interest) 
26 
 
Fixed Rate Warrant Provision 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) (NB: Fixed Rate 
Warrant Provisions may only be applicable in 
respect of English Law Warrants) 
 
(a) Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] 
 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
 
(c) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
(NB: For certain Renminbi Warrants in respect of 
which the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification, Modified Following Business Day 
Convention should apply) 
 
(d) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(e) Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Interest Amount) 
 
(g) Calculation Amount: 
[●] [Unit] 
 
(h) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[1/1] 
(NB: 
Applicable for Renminbi Warrants)  
 
(i) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the

--- Page 534 ---
534 
 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. NB: only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
(j) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ other (give details)] 
27 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable]  
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
28 
 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Note: only an option to apply for Warrants 
linked to USD LIBOR) 
 
29 
 
Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:  
Reference Rate: [●] 
 
 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): 
[●] / [Not Applicable]] 
Put/Call [Spread] [Delta One] [Warrants/Certificates] 
 
30 
 
Terms of Put/Call [Spread] [Delta One] 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
[Applicable. The [Warrants/Certificates] are [Put] 
[Call] [Spread] [Delta One] [Warrants/Certificates]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this Part A of the Final Terms) 
 
Settlement and exercise 
 
 
(a) Settlement Date(s): 
The 
settlement 
date(s) 
for 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] [is/are] [●] [the [●] Business 
Day following the [last occurring] [Valuation Date] 
[Averaging Date] in respect of the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date] 
 
 
(N.B. 
In 
relation 
to 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants/Certificates, consideration should be 
given to when the value of the relevant Fund 
Interest will be published)

--- Page 535 ---
535 
 
 
(b) Exercise Date(s): 
[The exercise date of the [Warrants/Certificates] is 
[●], provided that, if such date is not a Business 
Day, the Exercise Date shall be the immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Business Day.] (N.B. Only 
applicable 
in 
relation 
to 
European 
Style 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[The exercise dates of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
are [●], [●] and [●], provided that, if any such date 
is not a Business Day, that Exercise Date shall be 
the immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business 
Day.] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Multiple 
Exercise Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(c) Exercise Period: 
The exercise period in respect of the Warrants is 
from and including [●] to and including [●] [or, if [●] 
is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Business Day] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of [Warrants/Certificates] 
that may be exercised (including automatic 
exercise) 
on 
any 
day 
by 
any 
[Warrantholder/Certificateholder] 
is 
[●] 
[and 
[Warrants/Certificates] may only be exercised 
(including automatic exercise) in integral multiples 
of [●] [Warrants/Certificates] in excess thereof]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of [Warrants/Certificates] 
that may be exercised on any day by any 
[Warrantholder/Certificateholder] 
or 
group 
of 
[Warrantholders/Certificateholders] (whether or 
not acting in concert) is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Actual Exercise Date for each additional 
Quota shall be each of the succeeding Business 
Days until all such [Warrants/Certificates] have 
been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, 
subject as provided in General Condition 7(a)(ii)] 
 
 
(N.B. 
Not 
applicable 
for 
European 
Style 
Warrants/Certificates 
or 
Multiple 
Exercise 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(f) 
Extension of Exercise Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to American Style 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(g) Automatic Exercise: 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply] 
 
Cash Settlement Amount 
 
 
(a) Cash Settlement Amount: 
The Cash Settlement Amount shall be determined 
as set out in Settlement on Exercise Condition 
[1(a)(i)(A)] 
[1(a)(i)(B)] 
[1(a)(ii)(A)] 
[1(a)(ii)(B)] 
[1(a)(iii)(A)] 
[1(a)(iii)(B)] 
[1(a)(iii)(C)] 
[1(a)(iv)]

--- Page 536 ---
536 
 
[1(b)(i)] [1(b)(ii)] [1(b)(iii)] [1(b)(iv)] [(Consideration 
to be given to whether the Cash Settlement 
Amount should include accrued interest or 
whether, as provided in the General Conditions of 
the English Law Warrants, the amount payable is 
the Cash Settlement Amount plus accrued 
interest)] 
 
(b) [Exercise Price/Strike Price]: 
[[●] per [Warrant/Certificate/Unit] 
 
 
(N.B. This should take into account any relevant 
Weighting and, in the case of an Index Warrant, 
may be expressed as a monetary value on the 
same basis as the Index Currency, if any)] 
 
 
[The strike price of the Underlying is [●]] [The strike 
price for each Underlying is as follows: [insert table 
setting out Strike Prices for each Underlying]]] 
 
(c) Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [●]] [The weighting for each Underlying is 
as follows: [insert table setting out Weightings for 
each Underlying]] 
 
(d) Commission: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Exchange Rate: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination][Screen 
Page 
Determination] 
applies [and the relevant Screen Page is [●] and 
the relevant time is [●]] 
 
(f) 
Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Multiplier: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fixed Percentage: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Lower Strike: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Upper Strike: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Nominal Amount: 
The nominal amount which is to be used to 
determine [the/each] Cash Settlement Amount 
pursuant to [General Condition 5][Settlement on 
Exercise Condition 1] is [●] [and the relevant 
screen page is [●]] 
 
(m) Strike: 
[●]% 
 
(n) Rates Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
(N.B Only applicable to Rate Warrants where a day 
count fraction is required to be applied to the Rate 
(e.g. in the event that there are multiple Exercise 
Dates.)

--- Page 537 ---
537 
 
 
Valuation 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Warrants)  
 
(a) Averaging: 
Averaging 
[applies/does 
not 
apply] 
to 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates]. [The Averaging Dates [in 
respect of each Actual Exercise Date] are [●]] 
[Initial Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Final Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Put/Call Spread 
Warrants/Certificates) 
[The [Initial] [Final] Averaging Dates [in respect of 
each Actual Exercise Date] are [●]] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule and/or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as 
applicable) [Omission/Postponement/ Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in the relevant 
Underlying Schedule and/or the Multi-Underlying 
Annex, as applicable) will apply]] 
 
 
(N.B. 
Only 
applicable 
for 
Index 
Warrants/Certificates, 
Share 
Warrants/Certificates, 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Warrants/Certificates, ETF Warrants/Certificates, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants/Certificates[, 
Rates 
Warrants/Certificates] 
or 
Commodity 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[In the event of a Market Disruption Event (as 
defined in the relevant Underlying Schedule and/or 
the 
Multi-Underlying 
Annex, 
as 
applicable) 
occurring 
on 
an 
Averaging 
Date 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
(as defined in the relevant Underlying Schedule 
and/or the Multi-Underlying Annex, as applicable) 
will apply] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable for Warrants/Certificates 
other than Index Warrants/Certificates, Share 
Warrants/Certificates, 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Warrants/Certificates, ETF Warrants/Certificates, 
Mutual Fund Warrants/Certificates, Commodity 
Warrants/Certificates or Gilt Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[In the event of Modified Postponement applying, 
the Averaging Date will be determined [specify 
relevant provisions]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Debt 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
(b) Valuation Date(s): 
The Valuation Date[s] [in respect of each Actual 
Exercise Date] [is/are] [●]

--- Page 538 ---
538 
 
[The Initial Valuation Date is [●]] (N.B. Only 
applicable 
in 
relation 
to 
Put/Call 
Spread 
Warrants/Certificates where Strike Price is not 
specified) 
 
 
(c) Averaging 
Date/Valuation 
Date 
Adjustments: 
Number 
of 
Roll 
Days: 
[8/5/specify 
other] 
Scheduled Trading Days 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants/Certificates, Index Warrants/Certificates, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants/Certificates, ETF 
Warrants/Certificates, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants/Certificates[, 
Rates 
Warrants/Certificates] 
and 
Commodity 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
Move in Block:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Value What You Can: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants/Certificates linked to a Basket of Shares, 
Index Warrants/Certificates linked to a Basket of 
Indices, Depositary Receipt Warrants/Certificates 
linked to a Basket of Depositary Receipts, ETF 
Warrants/Certificates linked to a Basket of ETF 
Shares, Mutual Fund Warrants/Certificates linked 
to 
a 
Basket 
of 
Fund 
Interests, 
Rates 
Warrants/Certificates linked to a Basket of Rates 
and Commodity Warrants/Certificates linked to a 
Basket of Commodities) 
 
(d) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[●][A Scheduled Trading Day shall be a [Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date/Scheduled Mutual 
Fund Valuation Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Mutual Fund 
Warrants/Certificates) 
[A Business Day] [A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [●] (specify each)] [A U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Rate Warrants/ 
Certificates.) 
Terms relating to underlying(s) for Put/Call Warrants/Certificates, Put/Call Spread 
Warrants/Certificates/ Delta One Warrants/Certificates 
31 
 
Terms of Index 
[Warrants/Certificates]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions 
for 
each 
Underlying)(Repeat

--- Page 539 ---
539 
 
paragraphs for each Index or specify each item for 
each Index) 
 
For the purposes of the Index 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Index/Indices: 
[●] 
 
(b) Exchange(s): 
[As defined in Index Condition 1] [●] 
 
 
(N.B. In respect of Commodity Indices and Multi-
Designated Exchange Indices, only applicable if 
different from the definition in Index Condition 1) 
(Where Additional Index Provisions for China 
Connect Service are specified as applicable in 
relation to an Index, only the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
should be specified in relation to that Index) 
 
(c) Related Exchange(s): 
[[●] [All Exchanges] [Any exchange on which 
options contracts or futures contracts on [●] are 
traded]] 
 
(d) Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] 
 
(e) Designated Multi-Exchange Index: 
[Yes][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Designated Multi-Exchange Index only 
applies in relation to the Euro Stoxx Index unless 
otherwise specifically agreed) 
 
(f) 
Commodity Index: 
[Yes][Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Index Currency: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable – the definition of Valuation Time 
set out in Index Condition 1 applies] [The relevant 
time is [●], being the time specified on [an 
Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an Averaging 
Date], as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
relevant Settlement Price][Notwithstanding that 
[[●]/the Index] is not a Designated Multi-Exchange 
Index, the provisions of paragraph [●](b) of the 
definition of “Valuation Time” set out in Index 
Condition 1 shall apply in respect thereof and for 
the purposes thereof, “Component Security” 
means each component security of such Index] 
 
 
[(N.B. For Index Warrants/Certificates (other than 
Index 
Warrants/Certificates 
relating 
to 
a 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index 
or 
Index 
Warrants/Certificates relating to a Commodity 
Index where the level of the Index is only published 
once a day) if no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time)

--- Page 540 ---
540 
 
 
 
(N.B. For Index Warrants/Certificates relating to a 
Designated 
Multi-Exchange 
Index 
or 
Index 
Warrants/Certificates relating to a Commodity 
Index where the level of the Index is only published 
once a day, if no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be determined as set out in 
Index Condition 1) 
 
(i) 
Index Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Index Substitution Criteria: 
[Any Substitute Index shall use the same or a 
substantially similar method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the Index] [None] 
 
(k) Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[China Connect Share Disqualification] 
 
 
 
[China Connect Service Termination] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable in relation to Indices 
other than Commodity Indices) 
(China Connect Share Disqualification 
and China Connect Service Termination 
may only be specified if Additional Index 
Provisions for China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for an Index below) 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Cost Event] 
 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable in relation to 
Commodity Indices) 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging and/or 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or 
Loss of Stock Borrow and/or 
Tax 
Disruption is applicable)]

--- Page 541 ---
541 
 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [specify in relation to each 
relevant share] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[(d)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant share] 
is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(l) 
Additional Index Provisions for the 
China Connect Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [●]] 
32 
 
Terms of Share 
[Warrants/Certificates]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
(Repeat for each Share or specify each item for 
each Share) 
 
For the purposes of the Share 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Share(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) Share 
Company/ 
Relevant 
Company: 
[●] 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
(Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service are specified 
as applicable for a Share, only the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
should be specified for such Share) 
 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[[●][All Exchanges][Any exchange on which 
options contracts or futures contracts on [●] are 
traded]] 
 
(e) Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable – the definition of Valuation Time 
set out in Index Condition 1 applies] [The relevant 
time is [●], being the time specified on [an 
Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an Averaging 
Date], as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
relevant Settlement Price] 
 
 
(N.B. If Valuation Time is specified as Not 
Applicable, the Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(f) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Reference Index][None]

--- Page 542 ---
542 
 
 
(h) Additional Warrants/Certificates on 
the occurrence of an Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[China Connect Share Disqualification] 
 
 
 
[China Connect Service Termination] 
 
 
 
(China Connect Share Disqualification 
and China Connect Service Termination 
may only be specified if Additional 
Provisions for Shares traded through the 
China Connect Service are specified as 
applicable for a Share below) 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [Specify in relation to each 
Share] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[(d)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[Specify in relation to each Share] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(j) 
Payments of Dividends: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable 
and, 
for 
which 
purpose, the Dividend Percentage is [●] per cent] 
 
(k) Additional Provisions for Shares 
traded through the China Connect 
Service: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [in respect of [●]]

--- Page 543 ---
543 
 
33 
 
Terms of Depositary Receipt 
Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
(Repeat for each Depositary Receipt or specify 
each item for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
For the purposes of the Depositary 
Receipt Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Depositary Receipt: 
[●] 
 
(b) Depositary/Relevant Depositary: 
[●] 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[[●] [All Exchanges] [Any exchange on which 
options contracts or futures contracts on [●] are 
traded] 
 
(e) Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable – the definition of Valuation Time 
set out in Index Condition 1 applies] [The relevant 
time is [●], being the time specified on [an 
Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an Averaging 
Date], as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
relevant Settlement Price] 
 
 
(N.B. If no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the time at which the official 
closing level of the relevant Depositary Receipt is 
[scheduled to be] published) 
 
(f) 
Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(g) Underlying Share: 
Details of Underlying 
Share: 
[●] (including ISIN) 
 
 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[●] 
 
 
Exchange(s): 
[●]. [The definition set 
out 
in 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
1 
applies] 
 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[●]. [The definition set 
out 
in 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
1 
applies] 
 
(h) Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Depositary Receipt Substitution: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Depositary Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and 
Currency] [As determined by the Calculation 
Agent] Underlying Share: [Reference Index] (As 
determined by the Calculation Agent]] [None].

--- Page 544 ---
544 
 
 
(l) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]. 
 
(m) Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [Specify in relation to each 
Depositary Receipt] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[(d)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[Specify in relation to each Depositary 
Receipt] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
34 
 
Terms of ETF Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
(Repeat for each ETF Share or specify each item 
for each ETF Share) 
 
For the purposes of the ETF Share 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of ETF Share: 
[●] 
 
(b) Fund/Relevant Fund: 
[●] 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[[●] [All Exchanges] [Any exchange on which 
options contracts or futures contracts on [●] are 
traded]]

--- Page 545 ---
545 
 
 
(e) Relevant Time: 
[Not Applicable – the definition of Valuation Time 
set out in Index Condition 1 applies] [The relevant 
time is [●], being the time specified on [an 
Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an Averaging 
Date] for the calculation of the relevant Settlement 
Price] 
 
 
(N.B. If no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the time at which the official 
closing level of the relevant ETF Share is 
scheduled to be published) 
 
(f) 
Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(g) ETF Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(h) ETF Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Related Index. For which purpose the Related 
Index is [●]][None] 
 
(i) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(j) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable)] 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [Specify in relation to each ETF 
Share] is [●] 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(d)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[Specify in relation to each ETF Share] is 
[●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
35 
 
Terms of Mutual Fund Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 546 ---
546 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If Applicable, specify 
the relevant provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Mutual Fund 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Fund Interest: 
[●] 
 
(b) Mutual Fund/Relevant Mutual Fund: 
[●] 
 
(c) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(d) Fund Interest Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Mutual Fund Substitution Criteria: 
[Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest. For which 
purpose, the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
criteria 
is: 
[Liquidity/Similar 
Strategy/ 
same 
currency][None] 
 
(f) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event – For which purpose 
the AUM Threshold is [●] (specify AUM 
Threshold if different to the Conditions)] 
 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger 
Percentage (if applicable))] 
 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination. For 
which purpose [●] shall be the relevant 
party (specify other relevant party (if any))] 
 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
 
[Delisting – if applicable also specify the 
relevant Exchange] 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●]] 
36 
 
Terms of Commodity Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 547 ---
547 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). If Applicable, 
specify 
the 
relevant 
provisions 
for 
each 
Underlying) 
 
 
(Repeat for each Commodity or specify each item 
for each Commodity) 
 
For the purposes of the Commodity 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Commodity/Basket of 
Commodities: 
[●] 
 
(b) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(d) Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked price][average of bid and asked 
prices][settlement 
price][official 
settlement 
price][official 
price][morning 
fixing][afternoon 
fixing][spot price][other] [per [insert unit]] of [insert 
commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/[●]] [of the 
[relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] 
Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant] 
Exchange] on [the [relevant] Price Source]] 
[●][Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
(e) Delivery Date: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[date] 
[month 
and 
year] 
[[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby Month] [specify 
method]] 
 
(f) 
Price Source: 
[●] [The Electronic Page] 
 
(g) Commodity Dealers: 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
shall apply] [●] 
 
 
(NB: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers 
in the relevant market selected by the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
(h) Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 2(a) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption and, for which purpose, [●] 
shall be an additional [futures/options] contract 
(specify each)]] 
 
(i) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 2(b) applies.] [The following 
Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following order:

--- Page 548 ---
548 
 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price. For which purpose [●] 
shall be the alternative Commodity Price (specify 
alternative Commodity Price)] 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(j) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(k) Commodity Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Commodity Substitution Criteria: 
None 
 
(m) Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(n) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption Event applies to the Warrants: 
 
 
[Change in Law]] 
 
 
 
37 
 
Terms of Currency Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Currency 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(b) Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(c) Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Currency 
Warrants) 
 
(d) Specified Financial Centre 
[●] 
 
(e) Relevant Time 
[●] 
38 
 
Terms of Rate Warrants: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Rate Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Rate(s): 
[●]  
[Rate 1: [●] 
Rate 2: [●]] (N.B. Only applicable in respect of a 
Basket of Rates. Rate 2 will be subtracted from 
Rate 1 to determine the Settlement Price.) 
 
(b) Electronic Page: 
[●]

--- Page 549 ---
549 
 
 
(c) Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(d) Preceding Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Adjustment Events: 
 
 
  (x)  Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
  (y) Designated Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
  (z) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Trade Date: 
[●] 
(N.B Only applicable if Change of Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable and Trade 
Date is not specified elsewhere) 
 
(i) 
Margin: 
[●] 
(N.B pursuant to each of the formulae for Call 
Warrants, Put Warrants, Call Spread Warrants and 
Put Spread Warrants relating to Rates, the Margin 
will be added to the Settlement Price. If the Margin 
should be subtracted from the Settlement Price, 
the Margin should be specified here to be a 
negative number.) 
39 
 
Details of where information about the 
past and future performance of the 
Underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained: 
[●] 
(Include details of where the past and future 
performance and volatility of the Underlying can be 
obtained by electronic means, and whether or not 
it can be obtained free of charge, and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the 
investment is affected by the Underlying and the 
circumstances when the risks are most evident.) 
 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: ……………………………………………. 
 
Duly Authorised]15 
The [Warrants/Certificates] will not become valid or obligatory for any purpose until the Final Terms are 
attached to the applicable Global [Warrant(s)/Certificates]. 
 
15 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for 
the particular trade.

--- Page 550 ---
550 
 
Part B 
Other Information 
1 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for [Tranche [●] 
of] the [Warrants/Certificates] to be admitted to 
trading on the [regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and listed on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin][the 
[Euro 
MTF 
Market][regulated 
market] of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] with effect from on or around 
[●]] 
 
 
[Tranche [●] of the [Warrants/Certificates] has 
been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin and have been listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin][the [Euro 
MTF 
Market][regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and have been 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] with effect from [●]] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Warrants are already admitted to 
trading)] 
2 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to [the Manager[s]/the distributor(s)/[●]], so far as the Issuer [and the 
CGMFL Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the [Warrants/Certificates] has 
an interest material to the issue.] [The [Manger(s)/distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates [and the CGMFL Guarantor and its 
affiliates] in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
3 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(a) [Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the section entitled 
[“Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc.”] [“Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.” and 
“Description 
of 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited”] in the Base Prospectus] 
 
(b) [Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding)] 
 
(c) [Estimated total expenses: 
[●]

--- Page 551 ---
551 
 
 
 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended “use” and presented in 
order of priority of such “uses”). Include the 
taxes to be charged to the subscriber/purchaser, 
to the extent known, if the offer is a retail offer 
subject to PRIIPS or MiFID II.] 
4 DISCLAIMERS 
 
[Insert any relevant disclaimers] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
Certain information contained in this Final Terms consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (“Bloomberg®”). The Issuer [and the 
CGMFL Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries 
and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMFL Guarantor] [is/are] aware and [is/are] able to ascertain 
from such publicly-available information, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and 
accepts no responsibility for the reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment 
in the [Warrants/Certificates]. Bloomberg® does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the 
issue of the [Warrants/Certificates] 
5 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) ISIN Code: 
[●]16 
[ 
(b) Common Code: 
[●]]17 
[ 
(c) SEDOL: 
[●]] 
 
(d) CFI: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) FISN: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be 
specified to be "Not Applicable") 
[ 
(f) 
WKN 
[●]] 
 
(g) Any Additional or Alternative Clearing 
System(s) 
other 
than 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(h) Names and addresses of additional Warrant 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
6 ADDITIONAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 
 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the [Warrants/Certificates] as 
[prepaid forward contracts or options]/[prepaid forward contracts or options with associated 
payments]/[Access [Warrants/Certificates]]/[a put and a deposit] for which purposes, the Issuer will 
 
16 These codes must be marked as “restricted” for Securities Act purposes in the case of Physical Delivery Share Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant. 
17 These codes must be marked as "restricted" for Securities Act purposes in the case of Combined Global Warrants or Physical 
Delivery Share Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant or a Permanent Global Warrant.

--- Page 552 ---
552 
 
treat [ ]% of each periodic payment made with respect to a [Warrant/Certificate] as interest on the 
deposit and [ ]% as put premium]].] 
 
[The Warrants are Non-U.S. Issuer Warrants.]/[ The Warrants are U.S. Issuer Warrants.] 
 
[The Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs based on either the 
“delta” test or the “substantial equivalence” test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table 
below for additional information with respect to Section 871(m) of the Code, including information 
necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the [Warrants/Certificates].]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date 
for the [Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2025 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] are “delta-one” within 
the meaning of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) 
consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that 
the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
not 
Specified 
ELIs 
because 
(i) 
the 
Issue 
Date 
for 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2025 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] are not “delta-one” within 
the meaning of section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of one or 
more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Underlying(s) for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of (i) one or more 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. 
equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not 
Specified ELIs.] [Additional Section 871(m) Information: [●]] 
 
[The Warrants/Certificates are [Specified Current Payment Warrants]/[Specified Net Total Return 
Warrants].] 
 
[Include below table if (i) the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs based on either the “delta” test or the “substantial 
equivalence” test.  
 
Underlying
(s)  
U.S. 
Under-
lying 
Securiti
es (Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/Qua
lified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simpl
e 
Con-
tract 
(Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simpl
e 
Con-
tract) 
Sub-
stanti
al 
Equiv
a-
lence 
Test 
(if not 
a 
Simpl
e Con-
tract) 
Numb
er 
of 
Share
s 
Multi-
plied 
by 
Delta 
(if 
Simpl
e Con-
tract) 
Initial 
Hedg
e 
(if 
appli
c-
able) 
Additiona
l Section 
871(m) 
Informati
on

--- Page 553 ---
553 
 
7 [SECONDARY TRADING 
 
[Insert name and address of entities having a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and a description of the main 
terms of their commitment]] 
8 DISTRIBUTION 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions and required 
certifications: 
[⚫] 
[The definition of U.S. person for the purposes 
of the certification in any relevant Exercise 
Notice shall be deemed to be as set out in Part 
C below.] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Index Warrants relating to one or more 
Commodity Indices and/or Contracts, Currency 
Warrants or Commodity Warrants) 
 
Eligible for sale in the United States under the 
exemption provided by Section 4(2) to IAIs  
(N.B. Not eligible for German Law Warrants) 
(N.B. Not eligible for Index Warrants relating to 
one or more Commodity Indices and/or Contracts, 
Currency Warrants or Commodity Warrants. Only 
Warrants relating to "securities" (as defined in the 
Securities Act) may be so eligible): 
[Yes/No]. 
[Where Warrants are eligible for sale in the 
United States to IAIs, include the following: 
The Warrants will be in the form of Private 
Placement Definitive Warrants; 
the Warrants will [not] be issued concurrently 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
[(such Warrants to be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Warrant)]; 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to QIBs;  
(N.B. Warrants may only be transferred to QIBs 
if eligible for sale to QIBs) 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to 
non-U.S. persons; and 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to IAIs 
 
Eligible for sale in the United States within the 
meaning of Rule 144A to QIBs 
(N.B. Not eligible for German Law Warrants) 
(N.B. Not eligible for Index Warrants relating to 
one or more Commodity Indices and/or Contracts, 
Currency Warrants or Commodity Warrants. Only 
Warrants relating to "securities" (as defined in the 
Securities Act) may be so eligible): 
[Yes/No]. 
[Where 
Warrants 
are 
represented 
by 
a 
Combined Global Warrant include the following: 
Warrants eligible for sale in the United States 
pursuant to Rule 144A to QIBs and to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by a Combined Global Warrant and 
will be subject to the transfer restrictions set 
forth on such Combined Global Warrant.] 
 
 
[Where Warrants are eligible for sale in the 
United States under Rule 144A to QIBs, include 
the following: 
 
 
[The Rule 144A Global Warrant will be 
deposited with [the New York Warrant Agent as 
Custodian/a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear]][The 
Combined Global Warrant will be deposited with

--- Page 554 ---
554 
 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear]; 
 
 
(i) 
the Warrants [will] [will not] be issued 
concurrently outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons [(such Warrants to be 
represented by a Regulation S Global 
Warrant)]; 
 
 
(ii) 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to 
QIBs; 
 
 
(iii) the Warrants may [not] be transferred to 
non-U.S. persons; [and] 
 
 
(iv) the Warrants may [not] be transferred to 
IAIs;. 
 
 
(N.B. Warrant may only be transferred to IAIs if 
eligible for sale to IAIs as provided for above) 
 
Issuer meets the qualifications listed in Article 
7(4)(5-2) of the Enforcement Decree of the 
Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act of Korea: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
Registered Broker/Dealer: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Inc.][specify 
other]/[Not Applicable]]. (N.B. Only applicable 
for Warrants/Certificates eligible for sale in the 
United States) 
 
Syndication: 
The [Warrants/Certificates] will be distributed on 
a [non-]syndicated basis. 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of relevant 
Manager: 
[●] 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers: 
[●] 
 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Warrants may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Warrants may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified)

--- Page 555 ---
555 
 
 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of 
the Warrants during [the period[s] [⚫] to [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the 
applicable transition period under FinSA and its 
implementing ordinance]]] 
(Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland) 
9 [Examples to explain how the Value of the Investment is affected by the Value of the 
Underlying(s) 
 
[Include examples of complex derivative securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is affected 
by the value of the Underlying(s)]] 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable)

--- Page 556 ---
556 
 
SECTION E.20 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
The Pricing Supplement relating to each issue of Warrants may contain (without limitation) such of the 
following information as is applicable in respect of such Warrants. Any information which is not applicable 
will be deleted. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s][●]-
[●] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or 
superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [●]-[●] 
(repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") and regulations made 
thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the classification of the Warrants as prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale

--- Page 557 ---
557 
 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]18 
[The contents of this Pricing Supplement have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in 
Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt 
about any content of this Pricing Supplement, you should obtain independent professional advice.] 
[There is uncertainty about the future of [Insert description of floating rate(s))]. If [this/any such] 
rate] is discontinued, or otherwise unavailable for use in accordance with the terms of the 
Warrant[s], the amounts payable in respect of the Warrants may be calculated using a substitute 
or successor rate selected by the [Calculation Agent] to which an adjustment factor may be applied. 
See “Risk Factors” and “Benchmark reforms and discontinuation” in the Base Listing Particulars.] 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [Other than with respect to offers 
of the Warrants [during the period[s] [●] to [●] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which a key information 
document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) or an equivalent document 
under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition period under FinSA and 
its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect immediately prior to the entry into 
effect of FinSA, has been prepared],t][T]he Warrants are not intended to be offered or recommended to 
private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)/FinSA] in 
Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) 
FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private 
client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]19 
[This Pricing Supplement has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland 
for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)/FinSA]. 
Accordingly, the Warrants may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer 
does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this 
Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]20 
[Include if the Warrants or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", 
"ESG" or similar objectives: Warrants or the Underlying(s) of Warrants may be described or marketed as 
having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG" or similar objectives. Notwithstanding the use of such 
term(s), such Warrants or Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof) (a) may not meet investors' 
objectives or expectations as regarding investments having such or similar labels or objectives and/or (b) 
may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments having such or 
other similar labels or objectives.] 
 
18 To insert notice if classification of the Warrants is not “capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant 
Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of 
securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 
of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an “accredited investor”, “expert 
investor”, “institutional investor” or “any other person that is not an individual”).  
19  Include if Warrants are debt instruments with a “derivative character” for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
20  Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 558 ---
558 
 
[Date] 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.] [Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
Legal Entity Identifier: [[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Warrants][Title of Warrants] (the “Warrants”) 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited] 
under the Citi Warrant Programme 
No prospectus is required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) in 
relation to Warrants which are the subject of this Pricing Supplement. 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that any offer of [Warrants/Certificates] in (i) any Member State of the European 
Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the [Warrants/Certificates] and (ii) the United Kingdom 
("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of the [Warrants/Certificates]. Accordingly and subject as provided above, 
any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of [Warrants/Certificates] 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA"), as applicable, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. None of the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor] and any Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] in any other circumstances.  
For the purposes of the above paragraph, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1127 and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made 
thereunder. 
The Warrants [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not at any time be offered, sold, 
resold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended (“Regulation S”)) or to others 
for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person, nor may any U.S. persons at any time trade or maintain a position in the Warrants. 
Each purchaser of Warrants is hereby notified that the offer and sale of the Warrants is being made in 
reliance upon an exemption from.  
The Warrants [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] [and any Entitlements] do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (“CEA”), and trading in the [Warrants/Certificates] 
has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) 
pursuant to the CEA. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Warrants, see “Notice 
to Purchasers and Holders of Warrants and Transfer Restrictions” in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Warrants may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Warrants is made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a 
plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or

--- Page 559 ---
559 
 
arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Pricing Supplement or the Base Listing Particulars (as 
defined below), all persons may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the Warrants, any fact relevant to understanding the United 
States federal, state and local tax treatment of the Warrants, and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) relating to such United States federal, state and local tax treatment other 
than the names of the parties or any other person named herein, or information that would permit 
identification of the parties or other non-public business or financial information that is unrelated to the 
United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the Warrants with respect to such person and is not 
relevant to understanding the United States federal, state or local tax treatment of the Warrants with 
respect to such person. 
The Issuer has not registered and will not register as an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. In addition, no person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of the Issuer under the CEA, and each purchaser of Warrants is hereby notified that the offer 
and sale of the Warrants is being made in reliance upon one or more exceptions and/or exclusions from 
regulation under the CEA. The Warrants may not be offered, sold, pledged, resold, delivered or otherwise 
transferred except in an “offshore transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) to persons 
that are “Permitted Non-U.S. Purchasers” as defined below. “Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser” means a 
person who (i) is not a “U.S. person” (as such term is defined under Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S), (ii) is 
both (A) a “Non-United States person” as such term is defined under the CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) under 
the CEA, but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible 
persons who are not “Non-United States persons” and (B) a “foreign located person” as defined in CFTC 
Rule 3.10(c)(1)(ii), (iii) is not a “U.S. Person” or a “Significant Risk Subsidiary”, and does not benefit from 
a “Guarantee”, in each case as such terms are defined in CFTC Rule 23.23(a) under the CEA (in each 
case as such rules may be amended, revised, supplemented or superseded), and (iv) is not a “U.S. Person” 
as defined in Rule 3a71-3(a)(4) under the Exchange Act as defined herein. If a Permitted Non-U.S. 
Purchaser acquiring the Warrants is doing so for the account or benefit of another person, such other 
person must also be a Permitted Non-U.S. Purchaser. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and transfers of Warrants, see “Subscription, Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below. 
Each purchaser and transferee of the Warrants will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments, 
representations and agreements as set out in “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Warrants and Transfer 
Restrictions” in the Base Listing Particulars.  
 
Part A 
Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Listing Particulars. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Warrants described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented]. This Pricing 
Supplement does not constitute Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Full information on the Issuer [, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the 
Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing 
Particulars[, as so supplemented]. The Base Listing Particulars is available for viewing at the specified 
offices of [the Manager[s] and] the Principal Warrant Agent [, at the registered office of CGMFL] [and on

--- Page 560 ---
560 
 
the website of [Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]]. [This Pricing Supplement is available [●].] 
“Base Listing Particulars” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated 14 December 2022 
relating to the Programme and any supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the 
Warrants.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Original Base Listing Particulars. This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement of the [Warrants/Certificates] described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Listing Particulars [and the Supplement(s)], which [constitutes] [together constitute] a base listing 
particulars, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Listing Particulars 
[as supplemented by the Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing Particulars] and are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Listing Particulars. 
Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the [Warrants/Certificates] is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [and 
the Supplement(s)] and the Original Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement(s) to the Original Base 
Listing Particulars]. Copies of such documents are available for viewing at the specified offices of [the 
Manager[s] and] the Warrant Agents. Such documents and this Pricing Supplement are also published on 
the website of [Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]]. 
For the purposes hereof, “Original Listing Particulars” means, in relation to the first tranche of the 
[Warrants/Certificates], the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated [insert date of original Base 
Listing Particulars] specified in the Pricing Supplement for such first tranche[, as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] “Supplement to the Original Base Listing Particulars”] [No.[⚫]]) 
[and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (“Supplement No.[⚫]” and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the 
“Supplement(s) to the Original Base Listing Particulars”])].] and “Base Listing Particulars” means the 
[CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated 14 December 2022 relating to the Programme[, as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement 
(No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No.[⚫] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplement(s))].] 
[The following alternative language applies to a Pricing Supplement relating to an “up to” issue of Warrants 
which may be increased under a Base Listing Particulars with a later date N.B. “up to” issues of Warrants 
can’t be admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market:  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Listing Particulars. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Warrants described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with: (a) the Base Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented]; or (b) 
in respect of any issues of further Warrants issued by the Issuer pursuant to General Condition 13 in a 
number up to the maximum number of Warrants specified below, the Current Base Listing Particulars, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Listing Particulars. This Pricing 
Supplement does not constitute Final Terms for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the Prospectus Directive or 
the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer [, the CGMFL Guarantor] and the offer of the 
Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement[, the Current Base 
Listing Particulars] and the Base Listing Particulars[, as so supplemented]. The Base Listing Particulars [, 
the Supplement(s)] and the Current Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing at the specified 
offices of [the Manager[s] and] the Principal Warrant Agent and on the web-site of [Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][and ][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] 
[and at the registered office of CGMFL]. [This Pricing Supplement is available [●].]

--- Page 561 ---
561 
 
“Base Listing Particulars” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars dated 14 December 2022 
relating to the Programme[, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] Supplement 
[No.[●]]) [and a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] (Supplement No.[●] and, together with Supplement No.[●], 
the Supplement(s))]. 
“Current Base Listing Particulars” means, in respect of any issues of further Warrants issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to General Condition 13 in a number up to the maximum number of Warrants specified 
below, the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Base Listing Particulars as supplemented, amended or replaced as at the 
date of such further issue.] 
[By the purchase of any [Warrants/Certificates], each [Warrantholder/Certificateholder] will be deemed to 
have represented and warranted that the acquisition of the Warrant by it will not contravene any charter, 
investment objectives or internal policies, or any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation, 
Section 12(d)(3) of the U.S. Investment Company Act and the rules promulgated thereunder.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the Warrants and words and 
expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Pricing Supplement, 
save where otherwise expressly provided. 
Type, Issue and General Provisions 
1 
 
(a) Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc.][Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]  
 
(b) Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Warrants issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited) 
2 
 
Type: 
[Warrants] [Certificates] 
3 
 
Governing Law: 
[English law][German law] 
4 
 
(a) Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(b) Consolidation: 
On [●], Tranche [●] of the Warrants (“Tranche 
[●]”) are to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the [insert title of relevant Series of 
Warrants] issued on [insert issue date] 
(“Tranche [●]”)] 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable for fungible issues of 
Warrants) 
5 
 
Type of Warrant: 
The Warrants are [Index Warrants (including 
Index Warrants relating to a Commodity Index 
or a Contract)/Share Warrants/Depositary 
Receipt Warrants/ETF Warrants/ Mutual Fund 
Warrants/Debt 
Warrants/Currency 
Warrants/Commodity 
Warrants/Gilt 
Warrants/Proprietary 
Index 
Warrants/Rate 
Warrant/specify other type of Warrant] (Specify 
one or a combination of the above for all

--- Page 562 ---
562 
 
Warrants/Certificates 
other 
than 
Credit 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
[The Warrants are [Call] [Put] [Spread] [Delta 
One] Warrants] (N.B. Call/Put Spread Warrants 
may not be Debt Warrants, Currency Warrants 
or Proprietary Index Warrants)  
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
(N.B. Credit Warrants may only be issued by 
CGMFL) 
 
 
[The Warrants are Long/Short Warrants] (N.B. 
Long/Short Warrants may only be Share 
Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants and/or 
ETF Warrants relating to a basket of Shares, 
Depositary Receipts and/or ETF Shares) 
 
 
[The Certificates are [EMEA] [LATAM] [Saudi] 
[APAC] 
[Convertible 
Bond] 
Participation 
Certificates [that are [Indian/China/Taiwan] 
Participation Certificates.] (N.B. Participation 
Certificates other than APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates may only be Share 
Warrants relating to a single Share and APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates may 
only be Debt Certificates relating to a single 
Debt Security) 
6 
 
Indian Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Where the Warrants are specified to be Indian 
Participation Certificates above, specify as 
applicable) 
7 
 
China Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Where the Warrants are specified to be China 
Participation Certificates above, specify as 
applicable) 
8 
 
Taiwan Compliance Representations, 
Warranties and Undertakings 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Where the Warrants are specified to be 
Taiwan Participation Certificates above, specify 
as applicable) 
9 
 
Exercise Style: 
The Warrants are [[European Style][American 
Style][Multiple 
Exercise][(specify 
other)] 
Warrants]. 
 
 
[The Warrants are [Call/Put] Warrants and, 
therefore, are European Style Warrants] 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates] linked to a Notional 
Transaction which is a Single Name CDS and, 
therefore, 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
the

--- Page 563 ---
563 
 
Conditions, 
are 
European 
Style 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates] linked to a Notional 
Transaction which is an iTraxx CDS and, 
therefore, 
are 
Multiple 
Exercise 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
[The 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
are 
Credit 
[Warrants/Certificates] linked to a Notional 
Transaction which is an Index Swaption and, 
therefore, 
are 
European 
Style 
[Warrants/Certificates]] 
 
 
[The Warrants are Long/Short Warrants and, 
therefore, are European Style Warrants.] 
 
 
[The Certificates are [EMEA] [LATAM] [Saudi] 
Participation Certificates and, therefore, are 
Multiple 
Exercise 
Certificates 
(see 
the 
Participation Conditions Annex)]  
 
 
[The Certificates are APAC [Convertible Bond] 
Participation Certificates and, therefore, are 
American Style Certificates] 
10 
 
(a) 
Trading method: 
[Nominal]/[Units]  
 
(b) 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
[Number of Warrants being issued: 
The number of Warrants being issued is [●] 
[[being the equivalent of] [up to] [●] Units] 
(insert only if Trading in Units is specified as 
applicable below). 
 
[(c) 
Total number of Warrants in issue: 
[●]] 
(NB: Insert description of issuances and any 
purchases and cancellations. Only applicable 
for fungible issues of Warrants) 
 
[(d) Minimum trading size: 
[●] [being the equivalent of] [up to] [●] Units] 
(insert only if Trading in Units is specified as 
applicable below) 
 
[(e)  Multiple trading size: 
[●] [Warrants] [[being the equivalent of] [up to] 
[●] [Units] (insert only if Trading in Units is 
specified as applicable below) 
(If a minimum trading size exists, this 
represents the higher integral multiple amount)  
11 
 
(a)   Trading in Units: 
[Not Applicable] [Warrants must be exercised in 
Units. Each Unit consists of [●] Warrants.] (N.B. 
This is in addition to any requirements relating 
to “Minimum Exercise Number” or “Maximum 
Exercise Number” set out below) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(b) Unit value: 
[●] per Unit

--- Page 564 ---
564 
 
 
(c) Aggregate proceeds amount: 
[●] (N.B. Specify as an amount calculated by 
multiplying the Issue Price and the aggregate 
issue size)  
12 
 
Trading in Nominal: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
13 
 
Issue Price: 
The issue price per [Warrant/Unit] is [●] 
14 
 
Nominal amount per Warrant: 
[●] per Warrant (Include only if Trading in 
Nominal is Applicable above.) 
[Minimum denomination: [●]] 
[Multiple denomination: [●]] 
15 
 
Issue Date: 
The issue date of the Warrants is [●] 
Exercise 
16 
 
Exercise: 
 
 
 
(If the information is set out elsewhere, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) [Exercise Price/Strike Price]: 
[The exercise price per [Warrant/Unit] is [●] 
 
 
(N.B. This should take into account any 
relevant Weighting and, in the case of an Index 
Warrant, may be expressed as a monetary 
value on the same basis as the Index Currency, 
if any)] 
 
 
[The Strike Price of the Underlying is [●]/specify 
the Strike Price for each Underlying] 
 
(b) Exercise Date(s): 
[The exercise date of the Warrants is [●], 
provided that, if such date is not a Business 
Day, 
the 
Exercise 
Date 
shall 
be 
the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business 
Day.] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to European 
Style Warrants) 
 
 
[The exercise dates of the Warrants are [●], [●] 
and [●], provided that, if any such date is not a 
Business Day, that Exercise Date shall be the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business 
Day] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Multiple 
Exercise Warrants) 
 
 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(c) Exercise Period: 
[The exercise period in respect of the Warrants 
is from and including [●] to and including [●] [, 
or if [●] is not a Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Business Day]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Extension of Exercise Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 565 ---
565 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to American 
Style Warrants) 
 
(e) Automatic Exercise: 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply] 
 
 
(Automatic 
Exercise 
applies 
for 
Credit 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(Automatic 
Exercise 
applies 
for 
APAC 
Participation 
Certificates 
and 
APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates) 
 
 
(Automatic Exercise applies for German Law 
Warrants) 
 
(f) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) on 
any day by any Warrantholder is [●] [and 
Warrants may only be exercised (including 
automatic exercise) in integral multiples of [●] 
Warrants in excess thereof]] [Not Applicable] 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(g) Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that may 
be exercised on any day by any Warrantholder 
or group of Warrantholders (whether or not 
acting in concert) is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Actual Exercise Date for each additional 
Quota shall be each of the succeeding 
Business Days until all such Warrants have 
been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
General 
Condition7(a)(ii)] 
 
 
(N.B. Not applicable for European Style 
Warrants or Multiple Exercise Warrants) 
Interest (if any) 
(Delete in relation to Warrants/Certificates which do not bear interest) 
17 
 
Fixed Rate Warrant Provision 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] (NB: For certain Renminbi Warrants 
in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, Modified Following 
Business Day Convention should apply)

--- Page 566 ---
566 
 
 
(d) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(e) Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Interest Amount) 
 
(g) Calculation Amount 
[●] [Unit] 
 
(h) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[other] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual/365 Sterling]/[1/1] 
(NB: Applicable for Renminbi Warrants) 
 
(i) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
NB: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(j) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ other (give details)] 
 
(k) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
18 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): 
Not Applicable] 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]] 
19 
 
USD  LIBOR Fallback Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Note: only an option to apply for Warrants 
linked to USD LIBOR) 
20 
 
Reference Rate Event Provisions:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:  
Reference Rate: [●] 
 
 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 567 ---
567 
 
Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate(s): [●] / [Not Applicable]] 
Valuation 
(Delete in relation to Credit Warrants/Certificates) 
21 
 
Valuation: 
 
 
 
(If the information is set out elsewhere, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the 
Warrants. [The Averaging Dates [in respect of 
each Actual Exercise Date] are [●]] 
[Initial Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
[Final Averaging: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Put/Call 
Spread Warrants/Certificates) 
[The [Initial] [Final] Averaging Dates [in respect 
of each Actual Exercise Date] are [●]] (Repeat 
as necessary) 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day (as defined in the relevant 
Underlying 
Schedule 
and/or 
the 
Multi-
Underlying Annex) [Omission/Postponement/ 
Modified Postponement] (as defined in the 
relevant Underlying Schedule and/or the Multi-
Underlying Annex) will apply]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable for Index Warrants, 
Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt Warrants, 
ETF 
Warrants, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants, 
Commodity Warrants, Rate Warrants or 
Proprietary Index Warrants) 
 
 
[In the event of a Market Disruption Event (as 
defined in the relevant Underlying Schedule 
and/or the Multi-Underlying Annex) occurring 
on 
an 
Averaging 
Date 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in the relevant 
Underlying 
Schedule 
and/or 
the 
Multi-
Underlying Annex) will apply] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable for Warrants other than 
Index Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary 
Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, Mutual Fund 
Warrants, Commodity Warrants, Gilt Warrants 
or Proprietary Index Warrants) 
 
 
[In the event of Modified Postponement 
applying, 
the 
Averaging 
Date 
will 
be 
determined [specify relevant provisions]]

--- Page 568 ---
568 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Debt 
Warrants) 
 
(b) Valuation Date(s): 
The Valuation Date[s] [in respect of each Actual 
Exercise Date] [is/are] [●] 
[The Initial Valuation Date is [●]] (N.B. Only 
applicable in relation to Put/Call Spread 
Warrants/Certificates where Strike Price is not 
specified) 
 
 
(c) Averaging 
Date/Valuation 
Date 
Adjustments: 
Number of Roll Days: 
[8/5/specify 
other] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants, Index Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Warrants, 
ETF 
Warrants, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants, 
Commodity 
Warrants[, 
Rate 
Warrants] and Proprietary Index Warrants) 
 
 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Value What You Can: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants linked to a Basket of Shares, Index 
Warrants linked to a Basket of Indices, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants linked to a Basket 
of Depositary Receipts, ETF Warrants linked to 
a Basket of ETF Shares, Mutual Fund Warrants 
linked to a Basket of Fund Interests, 
Commodity Warrants linked to a Basket of 
Commodities, Rate Warrants linked to a Basket 
of Rate Warrants and Proprietary Index 
Warrants linked to a Basket of Proprietary 
Indices) 
 
(d) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if different from the 
definition in the relevant Underlying Schedule 
or if the Warrants are Currency Warrants) 
 
 
A Scheduled Trading Day shall be a 
[Scheduled 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Scheduled Mutual Fund Valuation Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Mutual Fund 
Warrants) 
[A Business Day] [A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign

--- Page 569 ---
569 
 
currency deposits) in [●] (specify each)] [A U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Rate 
Warrants/ Certificates.) 
 
(e) Disrupted Day: 
If [an Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an 
Averaging Date] is a Disrupted Day the relevant 
Settlement Price will be calculated [insert 
calculation method] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index 
Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Warrants, 
ETF 
Warrants, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants, Rate Warrants or Commodity 
Warrants where provisions in Conditions are 
not appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Market Disruption Event: 
When a Market Disruption Event occurs on [an 
Observation 
Date/a 
Valuation 
Date/an 
Averaging Date], the relevant Settlement Price 
will be calculated [insert calculation method] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Warrants 
other than Index Warrants, Share Warrants, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants, ETF Warrants, 
Mutual Fund Warrants, Commodity Warrants, 
Gilt Warrants or Proprietary Index Warrants 
where provisions in Conditions are not 
appropriate) 
Settlement 
22 
 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment 
(“Cash Settled Warrants”)] [and/or] [physical 
delivery (“Physical Delivery Warrants”)] 
 
 
(Call/Put Spread Warrants/Certificates are 
Cash Settled Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(Credit Warrants/Certificates are Cash Settled 
Warrants/Certificates) 
 
 
(Long/Short 
Warrants 
are 
Cash 
Settled 
Warrants) 
 
 
(EMEA 
Participation 
Certificates, 
LATAM 
Participation 
Certificates 
and 
Saudi 
Participation Certificates are Cash Settled 
Certificates) 
 
 
(APAC Participation Certificates and APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates are 
Cash Settled Certificates or, at the option of the 
Issuer or Certificateholder (where specified 
below that the Certificateholder has the option 
to vary settlement only), Physical Delivery 
Certificates)

--- Page 570 ---
570 
 
23 
 
Variation of Settlement 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the information is set out elsewhere or if not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) Issuer’s option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to 
vary settlement in respect of the Warrants 
pursuant to General Condition 5(e) (N.B. 
Option is only available in relation to Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant)[. Cash 
Settled Warrants which carry this right will be 
treated as Physical Delivery Warrants for the 
purposes of the legends on the Warrants] 
 
 
[The Issuer does not have the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Certificates 
pursuant to General Condition 5(e). The Issuer 
has the option to elect for physical settlement 
where the Certificates are cancelled on an 
Early Termination Settlement Date.]  
(Insert for APAC Participation Certificates and 
APAC 
Convertible 
Bond 
Participation 
Certificates) 
 
(b) Warrantholder’s 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement: 
[The Warrantholder [has/does not have] the 
option to elect for settlement [by way of cash 
payment/physical 
delivery][, 
subject 
as 
provided in the Conditions to the Issuer’s right 
to elect cash settlement/insert details] 
24 
 
Cash Settlement Amount(s): 
[The Cash Settlement Amount shall be 
determined as set out in Settlement on 
Exercise 
Condition 
[1(a)(i)(A)] 
[1(a)(i)(B)] 
[1(a)(ii)(A)] [1(a)(ii)(B)] [1(a)(iii)(A)] [1(a)(iii)(B)] 
[1(a)(iii)(C)] [1(a)(iv)] [1(b)(i)] [1(b)(ii)] [1(b)(iii)] 
[1(b)(iv)]] 
 
 
[For the purposes of [Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)]/[1(b)(v)]][the Participation 
Conditions Annex], the Cash Settlement 
Amount shall be determined [as set out in the 
Schedule 
attached 
hereto 
[insert 
details]](Consideration to be given to whether 
the Cash Settlement Amount should include 
accrued interest or whether, as provided in the 
General Conditions of the English Law 
Warrants, the amount payable is the Cash 
Settlement Amount plus accrued interest) 
(Specify the Cash Settlement Amount for 
APAC Participation Certificates and APAC 
Convertible Bond Participation Certificates)

--- Page 571 ---
571 
 
 
 
[The Cash Settlement Amount shall be 
determined as set out in the Participation 
Conditions Annex] 
(Insert for EMEA Participation Certificates, 
LATAM Participation Certificates and Saudi 
Participation Certificates) 
 
 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(a) Commission: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Exchange Rate: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination][Screen Page Determination] 
applies [and the relevant Screen Page is [●] 
and the relevant time is [●]]] [●] 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(c) Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting 
shall be subject to adjustment [in accordance 
with the Share Conditions (in the case of Share 
Warrants)]]/[specify the Weighting for each 
Underlying]/[specify other]/[Not Applicable] / 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Warrants relating to a Basket) 
 
(f) 
Settlement Date(s): 
[(i)] 
[The settlement date(s) for the 
Warrants 
[is/are] 
[●]. 
(N.B. 
Applicable for Physical Delivery 
Warrants. Only applicable for Cash 
Settled 
Warrants 
if 
Settlement 
Date(s) is/are different from the 
definition in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule or for Credit Warrants 
linked to a Notional Transaction 
which is an Index Swaption)] 
 
 
[(ii) 
“Settlement Business Day” for the 
purposes 
of 
General 
Condition 
5(c)(ii) means [●] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants)] 
 
 
(N.B. In relation to Mutual Fund Warrants, 
consideration should be given to when the

--- Page 572 ---
572 
 
value of the relevant Fund Interest will be 
published) 
 
 
[As specified in item 33 below] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(g) Multiplier: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Fixed Percentage: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Lower Strike: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Upper Strike: 
[[●][%]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Nominal Amount: 
The nominal amount which is to be used to 
determine [the/each] Cash Settlement Amount 
pursuant to [General Condition 5][Settlement 
on Exercise Condition 1] is [●] [and the relevant 
screen page is [●]] 
 
(l) 
Strike: 
[●]% 
 
(m) Rates Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
 
(N.B Only applicable to Rate Warrants where a 
day count fraction is required to be applied to 
the Rate (e.g. in the event that there are 
multiple Exercise Dates.) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Warrants)  
25 
 
Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency for the payment of 
[the/each Cash Settlement Amount] (in the 
case of Cash Settled Warrants)/[the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price] [and/or the Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price] (in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants) [and/or any other 
amounts payable in respect of the Warrants] is 
[●] 
26 
 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the 
purposes of the definition of “Business Day” in 
General Condition 3 [is/are] [●] 
27 
 
Hedging Taxes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28 
 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29 
 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30 
 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[- and the Trade Date is [●]] (Include if 
Applicable and Trade Date not specified 
elsewhere below) 
31 
 
RMB Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 573 ---
573 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
 
(c) Relevant Currency Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(d) Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(e) Trade Date: 
[●] 
Early Termination 
32 
 
Early Termination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[See Item 33 Below] (Include for Long/Short 
Warrants) 
 
 
(If Not Applicable or if the information is set out 
elsewhere, delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
(Specify as Applicable for APAC Participation 
Certificates and APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates) 
 
(a) Early Termination Event: 
[●][As specified in the Participation Conditions 
Annex] 
 
 
(include provisions relating to valuation) 
 
(b) Observation Date(s): 
The Observation Date[s] [in respect of each 
Early Termination Settlement Date] [is/are] [●] 
 
(c) Observation Date Adjustments: 
Number of Roll Days: 
[8/5/specify 
other] 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants, Index Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Warrants, 
ETF 
Warrants, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants, 
Commodity 
Warrants[, 
Rate 
Warrants] and Proprietary Index Warrants) 
 
 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Value 
What 
You 
Can: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants linked to a Basket of Shares, Index 
Warrants linked to a Basket of Indices, 
Depositary Receipt Warrants linked to a Basket 
of Depositary Receipts, ETF Warrants linked to 
a Basket of ETF Shares, Mutual Fund Warrants 
linked to a Basket of Fund Interests, 
Commodity Warrants linked to a Basket of 
Commodities, Rate Warrants linked to a Basket 
of Rates and Proprietary Index Warrants linked 
to a Basket of Proprietary Indices) 
 
(d) Observation Period: 
[●]

--- Page 574 ---
574 
 
 
(e) Early Termination Amount(s): 
[●][As specified in the Participation Conditions 
Annex] 
 
(f) 
[Early Termination Amount includes 
amount in respect of accrued 
interest:]  
[Not Applicable] [Yes: no additional amount in 
respect of [accrued] interest to be paid/No: 
together with the Early Termination Amount, 
[accrued] interest shall also be paid] 
 
 
[Yes, subject as provided below: 
 
 
Where the Warrants are represented by a 
Global Warrant, the Early Termination Amount 
shall include in its computation all accrued but 
unpaid interest] 
(Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate 
Warrants. Delete this provision if the Warrants 
are not Fixed Rate Warrants.) 
 
(g) Early 
Termination 
Settlement 
Date(s): 
[●][As specified in the Participation Conditions 
Annex] 
 
(h) Termination Cut-off Date: 
[[●] Business Days immediately preceding the 
Early Termination Settlement Date/specify] 
Terms of Long/Short Warrants 
33 
 
Terms of Long/Short Warrants 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
 
Exercise and Settlement 
 
 
(a) Settlement Date: 
The settlement date for the Warrants is [⚫] or, 
if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business 
Day 
 
(b) Exercise Date: 
The exercise date of the Warrants is [⚫], 
provided that, if such date is not a Business 
Day, 
the 
Exercise 
Date 
shall 
be 
the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Business 
Day] 
 
(c) Minimum Exercise Number: 
The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) on 
any day by any Warrantholder is [⚫] [and 
Warrant may only be exercised (including 
automatic exercise) in integral multiples of 
[⚫]Warrants in excess thereof] 
 
Cash Settlement Amount 
 
 
(a) Cash Settlement Amount: 
The Cash Settlement Amount shall be as 
defined 
in 
the 
Settlement 
on 
Exercise 
Conditions.  
 
(b) Exchange Rate: 
Exchange Rate Screen Page: [⚫] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 575 ---
575 
 
 
 
Exchange Rate Specified Time: [⚫] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(c) Long Underlying: 
Each Underlying specified under the heading 
"Long Underlying" in the Schedule attached 
hereto and LT means [⚫]. 
 
(d) Short Underlying: 
Each Underlying specified under the heading 
"Short Underlying" in the Schedule attached 
hereto and ST means [⚫]. 
 
(e) Underlying Currency: 
In respect of an Underlying, the currency 
specified for such Underlying under the 
heading "Underlying Currency" in the Schedule 
attached hereto. 
 
(f) 
N(i): 
In respect of an Underlying, the amount 
specified for such Underlying under the 
heading "N(i)" in the Schedule attached hereto. 
 
(g) Relevant Percentage: 
In respect of an Underlying, the percentage 
specified for such Underlying under the 
heading 
"Relevant 
Percentage" 
in 
the 
Schedule attached hereto. 
 
(h) Participation Rate (PR): 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Long Participation Rate (LPR): 
[⚫] 
 
(j) 
Short Participation Rate (SPR): 
[⚫] 
 
Early Termination 
Applicable 
 
(a) Bid Level Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(b) Early Termination Barrier Level: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) Termination Cut-off Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days immediately preceding the 
Early Termination Settlement Date/specify] 
 
 
 
Credit Warrants 
34 
 
Terms of Credit Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs) 
 
For the purposes of the Credit 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Notional Transaction: 
[Single 
Name 
CDS/Index 
CDS/Index 
Swaption/specify other] in the form set out in 
Part C hereto 
 
(b) Threshold Percentage: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if Index Swaption is 
specified as the Notional Transaction) 
 
(c) Swap Counterparty: 
[●] [A market counterparty of the highest 
creditworthiness] 
 
(d) Additional Disruption Events: 
(a)  The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Warrants:

--- Page 576 ---
576 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased cost of Hedging] 
 
 
(b)  The Trade Date is [●] 
 
(c) Additional provisions relating to 
Credit Warrants: 
[Specify] 
Index Warrants 
35 
 
Terms of Index Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the 
relevant provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Index 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Index: 
[●] 
 
(b) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. In respect of Commodity Indices and 
Multi-Designated 
Exchange 
Indices, 
only 
applicable if different from the definition in 
Index Condition 1) 
 
 
(Where Additional Index Provisions for China 
Connect Service are specified as applicable in 
relation to an Index, only the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
should be specified in relation to that Index) 
 
(c) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
 
 
(N.B. If no specific related exchanges are 
named or “All Exchanges” is not selected, the 
following should be included: “any exchange on 
which options contracts or futures contracts on 
[details of underlying] are traded”) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable for Commodity Indices if 
different from the definition in Index Condition 
1) 
 
(d) Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] 
 
(e) Designated Multi-Exchange Index: 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Designated Multi-Exchange Index only 
applies in relation to the Euro Stoxx Index 
unless otherwise specifically agreed) 
 
(f) 
Commodity Index: 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Index Currency: 
[●] 
 
(h) Settlement Price: 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)/1(b)(v)]] the Settlement Price 
in respect of an Index shall be determined as 
set out in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition

--- Page 577 ---
577 
 
of “Settlement Price” in the Multi-Underlying 
Annex/The Settlement Price will be calculated 
[insert calculation method] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index 
Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices where 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) or 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) 
applies or where provisions in the Conditions 
are not appropriate) 
 
 
[For the purposes of the definition of Settlement 
Price, the level of the Index is only published 
once a day] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Commodity 
Indices where the level of the Index is only 
published once a day) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Time: 
The relevant time is [●], being the time specified 
on [an Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an 
Averaging Date], as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the relevant Settlement Price 
 
 
(N.B. For Index Warrants (other than Index 
Warrants relating to a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index or Index Warrants relating to a 
Commodity Index where the level of the Index 
is only published once a day) if no Relevant 
Time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
 
(N.B. For Index Warrants relating to a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index or Index 
Warrants relating to a Commodity Index where 
the level of the Index is only published once a 
day, if no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be determined as set out in 
Index Condition 1) 
 
 
(N.B. For Index Warrants linked to the S&P 
Index, consider applying paragraph [●](b) of the 
definition of “Valuation Time” set out in Index 
Condition 1) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index 
Warrants (Including Index Warrants relating to 
a Contract)) 
 
(j) 
Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Index Substitution Criteria: 
[Any Substitute Index shall use the same or a 
substantially similar method of calculation as 
used 
in 
the 
calculation 
of 
the 
Index/specify/None] 
 
(l) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Warrants:

--- Page 578 ---
578 
 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable in relation to 
Indices other than Commodity Indices) 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Cost Event] 
 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable in relation to 
Commodity Indices) 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
and/or Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
and/or Loss of Stock Borrow and/or 
Tax Disruption is applicable)] 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [specify in relation to each 
relevant share] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[(d)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
share] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(m) Adjustments 
to 
an 
Index/Consequences of Adjustment 
Events: 
[Following 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Index 
Adjustment Event or an Adjustment Event, the 
Warrants shall not be cancelled and the 
provisions of Index Condition 2(b)(ii) and Index 
Condition 3(b) shall not apply to the Warrants] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for Index Warrants 
which are also Gilt Warrants) 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable in relation to Index 
Warrants) 
Share Warrants

--- Page 579 ---
579 
 
36 
 
Terms of Share Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable or if the Share information is 
set out elsewhere, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Share 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Share(s): 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(b) Share 
Company/Relevant 
Company: 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
(Where Additional Provisions for Shares traded 
through the China Connect Service are 
specified as applicable for a Share, only the 
Shanghai Stock Exchange or the Shenzhen 
Stock Exchange should be specified for such 
Share) 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
 
 
(N.B. If no specific related exchanges are 
named or “All Exchanges” is not selected, the 
following should be included: “any exchange on 
which options contracts or futures contracts on 
[details of underlying] are traded”) 
 
(e) Settlement Price: 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)/1(b)(v)] the Settlement Price 
in respect of a Share shall be determined as set 
out in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of 
“Settlement Price” in the Multi-Underlying 
Annex/The Settlement Price will be calculated 
[insert calculation method] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares where 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) or 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(ii) 
applies or where provisions in the Conditions 
are not appropriate or where the Settlement 
Price is determined by reference to the price at 
the Valuation Time) 
 
(f) 
[Relevant Time: 
The relevant time is [●], being the time specified 
on [an Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an

--- Page 580 ---
580 
 
Averaging Date], as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the relevant Settlement Price] 
 
 
(N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time) 
 
(g) Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Reference Index/specify/None] 
 
(i) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Certificates: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
 
[China Connect Share Disqualification] 
 
 
 
[China Connect Service Termination] 
 
 
 
(China Connect Share Disqualification 
and 
China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination may only be specified if 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Shares 
traded through the China Connect 
Service are specified as applicable for 
a Share below) 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [Specify in relation to each 
Share] is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[(d)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [Specify in relation to each Share] is 
[●]

--- Page 581 ---
581 
 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
(k) Additional Provisions for Shares 
traded through the China Connect 
Service: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [in respect of [●]] 
 
(l) 
Consequences 
of 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Following the occurrence of an Adjustment 
Event, the Warrants shall not be cancelled and 
the provisions of Share Condition 2(b) shall not 
apply to the Warrants] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for Share Warrants 
which are also Gilt Warrants) 
 
(m) Payments of Dividends: 
[Applicable – see the Schedule attached 
hereto/specify details] 
 
 
[Applicable. 
 
 
The definition in Share Condition 1 applies and, 
for which purpose, the Dividend Percentage is 
[●]% 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Share 
Warrants) 
Depositary Receipt Warrants 
37 
 
Terms of Depositary Receipt Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the 
relevant provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Depositary 
Receipt Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Depositary Receipt: 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(b) Depositary/Relevant Depositary: 
[●]. (If none specified, the definition in 
Depositary Receipt Condition 1 will apply) 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
 
 
(N.B. If no specific related exchanges are 
named or “All Exchanges” is not selected, the 
following should be included: “any exchange on 
which options contracts or futures contracts on 
[details of underlying] are traded”) 
 
(e) Settlement Price: 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)]/[1(b)(v)] the Settlement 
Price in respect of a Depository Receipt shall

--- Page 582 ---
582 
 
be determined as set out in sub-paragraph 
(c)(ii) of the definition of “Settlement Price” in 
the Multi-Underlying Annex/The Settlement 
Price will be calculated [insert calculation 
method] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Depositary 
Receipt Warrants relating to a Basket of 
Depositary Receipts where Settlement on 
Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) or Settlement on 
Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) applies or where 
provisions 
in 
the 
Conditions 
are 
not 
appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Relevant Time: 
The relevant time is [●], being the time specified 
on [an Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an 
Averaging Date], as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the relevant Settlement Price 
 
 
(N.B. If no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the time at which the 
official closing level of the relevant Depositary 
Receipt is [scheduled to be] published) 
 
(g) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(h) Underlying Share: 
Details of Underlying 
Share: 
[●] (If none specified, 
the definition in the 
Conditions will apply) 
[As specified in the 
Schedule 
attached 
hereto] (Include for 
Long/Short Warrants) 
 
 
Underlying Share 
Company: 
[●] 
 
 
Exchange(s): 
[●] (If different to the 
Conditions) 
 
 
Related Exchange(s): 
[●] (If different to the 
Conditions) 
 
(i) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Depositary Receipt Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Depositary Receipt: [Same Underlying Share 
and 
Currency] 
[As 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
Underlying 
Share: 
[Reference Index] [As determined by the 
Calculation Agent]][None] 
 
(m) Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(n) Consequences 
of 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Following the occurrence of an Adjustment 
Event, the Warrants shall not be cancelled and

--- Page 583 ---
583 
 
the provisions of Depositary Receipt Condition 
2(b) shall not apply to the Warrants] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for Depositary Receipt 
Warrants which are also Gilt Warrants) 
 
(o) Payments of Dividends: 
[Applicable – see the Schedule attached 
hereto/specify details] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Depositary 
Receipt Warrants) 
ETF Warrants 
38 
 
Terms of ETF Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the 
relevant provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the ETF Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of ETF Share: 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(b) Fund/Relevant Fund: 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[●] 
[As specified in the Schedule attached hereto] 
(Include for Long/Short Warrants) 
 
(d) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges]. 
 
 
(N.B. If no specific related exchanges are 
named or “All Exchanges” is not selected, the 
following should be included: “any exchange on 
which options contracts or futures contracts on 
[details of underlying] are traded”) 
 
(e) Settlement Price: 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)/1(b)(v)] the Settlement Price 
in respect of an ETF Share shall be determined 
as set out in sub-paragraph (d)(ii) of the 
definition of “Settlement Price” in the Multi-
Underlying Annex/The Settlement Price will be 
calculated [insert calculation method] 
 
 
Only applicable in relation to ETF Warrants 
relating to a Basket of ETF Shares where 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) or 
Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) 
applies or where provisions in the Conditions 
are not appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Relevant Time: 
The relevant time is [●], being the time specified 
on [an Observation Date/a Valuation Date/an

--- Page 584 ---
584 
 
Averaging Date] for the calculation of the 
relevant Settlement Price 
 
 
(N.B. If no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the time at which the 
official closing level of the relevant ETF Share 
is scheduled to be published) 
 
(g) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(h) ETF Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Related Index. For which purpose the Related 
Index is [●]][/None] 
 
(j) 
Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Consequences 
of 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Following the occurrence of an Adjustment 
Event, the Warrants shall not be cancelled and 
the provisions of ETF Share Condition 2(b) 
shall not apply to the Warrants] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for ETF Warrants 
which are also Gilt Warrants) 
 
(l) 
Payments of Dividends: 
[Applicable – see the Schedule attached 
hereto/specify details] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to ETF 
Warrants) 
 
(m) Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption 
Events 
apply 
to 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
 
[[specify other]] 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[(c)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in 
respect of [Specify in relation to each 
ETF Share] is [●]

--- Page 585 ---
585 
 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
Mutual Fund Warrants 
39 
 
Terms of Mutual Fund Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Mutual Fund 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Fund Interest: 
[●] 
 
(b) Mutual Fund/Relevant Mutual Fund: 
[●] 
 
(c) Settlement Price: 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)/1(b)(v)] the Settlement Price 
in respect of a Fund Interest shall be 
determined as set out in sub-paragraph (e)(ii) 
of the definition of “Settlement Price” in the 
Multi-Underlying Annex/The Settlement Price 
will be calculated [insert calculation method] 
 
 
Only applicable in relation to Mutual Fund 
Warrants relating to a Basket of Fund Interests 
where Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) 
or Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) 
applies or where provisions in the Conditions 
are not appropriate) 
 
(d) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(e) Fund Interest Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Mutual Fund Substitution Criteria: 
[Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest. For which 
purpose, the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria is: [Liquidity/Similar Strategy/Same 
Currency][/None] 
 
(g) Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Payments of Dividends: 
[Applicable – see the Schedule attached 
hereto/specify details] 
 
(i) 
Consequences 
of 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Following the occurrence of an Adjustment 
Event, the Warrants shall not be cancelled and 
the provisions of Mutual Fund Condition 2(b) 
shall not apply to the Warrants] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for Mutual Fund 
Warrants which are also Gilt Warrants) 
 
(j) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption 
Events 
apply 
to 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates]: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies)

--- Page 586 ---
586 
 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event – For which 
purpose the AUM Threshold is [●] 
(specify AUM Threshold if different to 
the Conditions)] 
 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV 
Trigger Percentage (if applicable)] 
 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination. 
For which purpose [●] shall be the 
relevant party (specify other relevant 
party (if any)] 
 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
 
[Delisting – if applicable also specify 
the relevant Exchange] 
 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Mutual Fund 
Warrants) 
Index Warrants relating to a Futures Contract or an Options Contract 
40 
 
Terms of Index Warrants relating to a 
futures contract or an options contract: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the 
relevant provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of Index Condition 6: 
 
 
(a) Details of Contract 
[●] 
 
(b) Expiry Date: 
[●] 
 
(c) Related Exchange: 
[●] 
 
(d) Official Settlement Price (if different 
from that in Index Condition 1): 
[insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Settlement Price calculation: 
[insert details] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index 
Warrants relating to a Contract)

--- Page 587 ---
587 
 
Debt Warrants 
41 
 
Terms of Debt Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable or if the Debt Security 
information is set out elsewhere, delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs. 
If 
Applicable, 
specify the relevant provisions for each 
Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Debt Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Debt Securities: 
[●] 
 
(b) Securities Issuer: 
[●] 
 
(c) Exchange: 
For the purposes of the Debt Conditions, the 
relevant Exchange is [●] 
 
(d) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(e) Debt Security Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Debt Security Substitution Criteria: 
[Any New Debt Security shall be selected by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
[●]] 
[None] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(g) Additional 
Certificates 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Additional Disruption Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Certificates: 
 
 
Change in Law 
 
 
Hedging Disruption 
 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
 
 
The Trade Date is [●] 
 
(i) 
Redemption of Debt Securities: 
Where one or more of the relevant Debt 
Securities is redeemed (or otherwise ceases to 
exist) before an Actual Exercise Date, [insert 
appropriate fallback provisions] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Debt 
Warrants) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where provisions in 
Conditions are not appropriate) 
Commodity Warrants 
42 
 
Terms of Commodity Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the 
relevant provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purpose of the Commodity 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details 
of 
Commodity/Relevant 
Commodities: 
[●] 
 
(b) Exchange(s): 
[●]

--- Page 588 ---
588 
 
 
(c) Settlement Price: 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)/1(b)(v)] the Settlement Price 
in respect of a Commodity shall be determined 
as set out in sub-paragraph (h)(ii) of the 
definition of “Settlement Price” in the Multi-
Underlying Annex/The Settlement Price will be 
calculated [insert calculation method] 
 
 
Only applicable in relation to Commodity 
Warrants relating to a Basket of Commodities 
where Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) 
or Settlement on Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) 
applies or where provisions in the Conditions 
are not appropriate) 
 
(d) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(e) Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked price][average of bid and asked 
prices][settlement 
price][official 
settlement 
price][official price][morning fixing][afternoon 
fixing][spot price][other] [per [insert unit]] of 
[insert 
commodity] 
on 
[the 
relevant 
Exchange/specify] [of the [relevant] Futures 
Contract for the [relevant] Delivery Date] as 
made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] on 
[the [relevant] Price Source]] [specify][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(f) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] 
[month 
and 
year] 
[[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby 
Month] 
[specify method] 
 
(g) Price Source: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. If no Price Source is specified the Price 
Source will be the applicable Electronic Page) 
 
(h) Commodity Dealers: 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 
1 shall apply/Specify] 
 
 
(NB: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading 
dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
(i) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 2(a) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption]

--- Page 589 ---
589 
 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional 
futures/options contracts)] 
 
(j) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 2(b) applies.] [The 
following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the 
following order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative 
Commodity Price)] 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation] 
 
 
[specify other]] 
 
(k) Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(l) 
Commodity Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(m) Commodity Substitution Criteria: 
[specify/None] 
 
(n) Additional 
Warrants 
on 
the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(o) Additional Disruption Events: 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Warrants: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
(p) Consequences 
of 
Adjustment 
Events and Cancellation Events: 
[Following the occurrence of an Adjustment 
Event, the Warrants shall not be cancelled and 
the provisions of Commodity Condition 3(b) 
shall not apply to the Warrants] 
 
 
[Cancellation Events shall not apply to the 
Warrants] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for Commodity 
Warrants which are also Gilt Warrants and 
consider including amendment provisions as 
an alternative) 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Commodity 
Warrants) 
Currency Warrants 
43 
 
Terms of Currency Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Currency 
Conditions:

--- Page 590 ---
590 
 
 
(a) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(b) Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(c) Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Currency 
Warrants) 
 
(d) Specified Financial Centre 
[●] 
 
(e) Relevant Time 
[●] 
Gilt Warrants 
44 
 
Terms of Gilt Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Gilt Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Gilt(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) Settlement Price: 
The Settlement Price will be calculated [insert 
calculation method] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Gilt 
Warrants where provisions in the Conditions 
are not appropriate) 
 
(c) Relevant Time: 
The relevant time is [●] 
 
(d) Gilt Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Gilt 
Warrants) 
Proprietary Index Warrants  
45 
 
Terms of Proprietary Index Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete remaining sub 
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Proprietary Index 
Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details 
of 
Proprietary 
Index/Proprietary Indices: 
[●] (Include a summary description of the Index 
Conditions for Exempt Warrants which are 
listed) 
 
(b) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(c) Index Currency: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Settlement Price: 
 
For the purposes of Settlement on Exercise 
Condition [1(a)(v)/1(b)(v)] the Settlement Price 
in respect of a Proprietary Index shall be 
determined as set out in sub-paragraph (i)(ii) of 
the definition of “Settlement Price” in the Multi-
Underlying Annex./The Settlement Price will be 
calculated [insert calculation method]

--- Page 591 ---
591 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Proprietary 
Index Warrants relating to a Basket of 
Proprietary Indices where Settlement on 
Exercise Condition 1(a)(v) or Settlement on 
Exercise Condition 1(b)(v) applies or where 
provisions 
in 
the 
Conditions 
are 
not 
appropriate) 
 
(e) [Index Sponsor 
 
 
(f) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[For the purposes hereof, the Index sponsor in 
respect of the Proprietary Index is the Index 
Administrator 
(as 
defined 
in 
the 
Index 
Conditions]] 
[Specify if different to the Proprietary Index 
Conditions/A Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
an “Index Business Day” as defined in the Index 
Conditions] 
 
(g) Proprietary Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Index Substitution Criteria: 
[Any Substitute Proprietary Index shall use the 
same or a substantially similar method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the 
Proprietary Index/specify/None] 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(a)] 
The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Warrants: 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
 
[None] 
 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
[(b)] 
[The Trade Date is [●] 
 
 
 
(NB: Only applicable if Change in Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging 
and/or Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
and/or Tax Disruption is applicable)] 
 
(j) 
Consequences 
of 
Adjustment 
Events 
and 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
Following the occurrence of an Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event or an Adjustment 
Event, the Warrants [shall/shall not] be 
cancellable and the provision of Proprietary 
Index Condition 4(b) and Proprietary Index 
Condition 3(b) [shall/shall not] apply to the 
Warrants 
 
 
(N.B. Consider including for Proprietary Index 
Warrants which are also Gilt Warrants and

--- Page 592 ---
592 
 
consider including amendment provisions as 
an alternative) 
 
(k) Component Valuation: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(i) 
Component Valuation Roll: 
[●] [Eight]] 
 
[(ii) Component Disrupted Day: 
[(iii) Component Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a “Disrupted Day” as 
defined for such Component in the Index 
Conditions]] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of a Component shall be a “Scheduled 
Trading Day” as defined for such Component in 
the Index Conditions]] 
Physical Delivery 
46 
 
Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical 
Delivery Warrants. If Not Applicable or if the 
information is set out elsewhere, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) Relevant Asset(s): 
The relevant asset to which the Warrants relate 
[is/are] [●] 
 
 
Delivery [shall/shall not] be subject to payment 
of the relevant Exercise Price 
 
(b) Aggregation: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Aggregation of Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
 
(ii) 
Rounding: 
[Up/Down]. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where Aggregation of 
Entitlements is specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(c) Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Value of the Fractional Entitlement shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent [by 
reference to the [Settlement Price] of the 
relevant [Share]]. 
 
(d) Entitlement: 
[The/Each] Entitlement (as defined in the 
relevant Underlying Schedule) in relation to 
each Warrant [and each Actual Exercise Date] 
is [●] 
 
(e) Evidence of Entitlement: 
[The/Each] Entitlement will be evidenced by 
[insert details of how such Entitlement will be 
evidenced]. 
 
(f) 
Delivery of Entitlement: 
[The/Each] Entitlement will be delivered [insert 
details of the method of delivery of such 
Entitlement]. 
 
(g) Failure to Deliver: 
Failure to Deliver [applies/does not apply] to the 
Warrants.

--- Page 593 ---
593 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of the 
Physical Delivery Warrants which are Index 
Warrants, Share Warrants, Depositary Receipt 
Warrants, 
ETF 
Warrants, 
Mutual 
Fund 
Warrants 
or 
Debt 
Warrants. 
Careful 
consideration should be given to whether 
Failure to Deliver is applicable to other Physical 
Delivery Warrants) 
 
47 
 
Terms of Rate Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs. If Applicable, specify the relevant 
provisions for each Underlying) 
 
For the purposes of the Rate Conditions: 
 
 
(a) Details of Rate(s): 
[●] 
[Rate 1: [●] 
Rate 2: [●]] (N.B. Only applicable in respect of 
a Basket of Rates. Rate 2 will be subtracted 
from Rate 1 to determine the Settlement Price.) 
 
(b) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(c) Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(d) Preceding Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Adjustment Events: 
 (x) 
Change in Law: 
 (y) 
Hedging Disruption: 
 (z) 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) Trade Date: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Change in Law and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging is applicable and 
Trade Date is not specified elsewhere.) 
 
(i) 
Margin: 
[●] 
(N.B pursuant to each of the formulae for Call 
Warrants, Put Warrants, Call Spread Warrants 
and Put Spread Warrants relating to Rates, the 
Margin will be added to the Settlement Price. If 
the Margin should be subtracted from the 
Settlement Price, the Margin should be 
specified here to be a negative number.)

--- Page 594 ---
594 
 
EMEA Participation Certificates and LATAM Participation Certificates 
48 
 
Terms of EMEA Participation Certificates 
and LATAM Participation Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) Strike Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) Final Settlement Date: 
In relation to a Certificate and the Additional 
Exercise Date, the day falling [●] Business 
Days after the [final Scheduled Trading Day of 
the relevant Valuation Period/Valuation Date] 
 
(c) Final Settlement Amount: 
[●] 
 
(d) Corporate Action Amount: 
[●] 
 
(e) Dividend Amount: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Settlement Date: 
In relation to a Certificate and (a) a Corporate 
Action, the day falling [⚫] Business Days after 
the last day of the Corporate Action Valuation 
Period or (b) a Dividend, the day falling [⚫] 
Business Days after the date on which the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates receives such 
Dividend  
 
(g) Final Exercise Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(h) Exercise Price: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
Saudi Participation Certificates 
49 
 
Terms of Saudi Participation Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) Expiration Date (Saudi): 
[⚫] 
 
(b) Final Valuation Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(c) Final Settlement Date: 
Five Business Days following the Receipt Date, 
subject as provided in the Conditions 
 
(d) Final Settlement Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(e) Dividend Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(f) 
Settlement Date: 
In relation to a Certificate and a Dividend and 
subject as provided in the Conditions, the tenth 
Business Day following the date on which such 
Dividend is received by a Holder of record of 
the Shares. 
 
(g) Exercise Price: 
[⚫] per Certificate 
 
(h) Final Exercise Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
APAC Participation Certificates 
50 
 
Terms of APAC Participation Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 595 ---
595 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) Final Settlement Date: 
(i) 
In relation to Cash Settled Certificates, the 
Final Settlement Date is three Business 
Days after the final Scheduled Trading 
Day of the relevant Valuation Period. 
(ii) 
In 
relation 
to 
Physical 
Delivery 
Certificates, the Final Settlement Date is 
three Settlement Business Days after the 
Actual Exercise Date. 
 
(b) Exercise Period: 
From (and including) [●] to (and including) [●] 
 
(c) Settlement Business Day Centre: 
[●] 
 
(d) Local Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
 
(e) Underlying RMB Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(f) 
Underlying 
RMB 
Settlement 
Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
 
 
APAC Convertible Bond Participation Certificates 
51 
 
Terms of APAC Convertible Bond 
Participation Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(a) Debt Securities Amount: 
[Insert Security Currency][●] / [[●] Lot[s] of the 
Debt Securities comprised of [[●] CB Units of] 
[Insert Security Currency] [●]]] in nominal 
amount of Debt Securities 
 
(b) Details of Shares: 
[insert details]  
Share Company: [●] 
 
(c) Local Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
 
(d) Conversion 
APAC 
Participation 
Certificates: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Final Settlement Date: 
[(i)] 
In 
relation 
to 
Cash 
Settled 
Certificates, the Final Settlement Date is three 
Business Days after the final Scheduled 
Trading Day of the relevant Valuation Period 
[(ii) 
In relation to Physical Delivery 
Certificates, the Final Settlement Date is three 
Settlement Business Days after the Actual 
Exercise Date] 
 
(f) 
Coupon Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(g) Credit Event Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 596 ---
596 
 
General 
52 
 
Form of the Warrants: 
[Registered/Bearer] Form: [Permanent Global 
Warrant/Regulation S Global Warrant and Rule 
144A 
Global 
Warrant/Combined 
Global 
Warrant] 
 
 
(N.B. Index Warrants or Proprietary Index 
Warrants relating to one or more Commodity 
Indices and/or Contracts, Currency Warrants, 
Commodity Warrants and Credit Warrants may 
only be issued in Permanent Global Warrant 
form) 
 
 
[Private Placement Definitive Warrant] 
 
 
(N.B. German Law Warrants may only be 
issued in Permanent Global Warrant form) 
53 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [Citigroup Global 
Markets 
Limited]/[Citibank 
N.A., 
London 
Branch]/[Citibank 
N.A., 
New 
York 
Branch]/[specify other] [at [●]] [(acting through 
its [●] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] 
 
 
[insert address] 
54 
 
Determinations 
[Sole and Absolute Determination][Commercial 
Determination] 
[reasonable discretion (§ 317 BGB)](N.B. 
Include for German Law Warrants) 
55 
 
Special conditions or other final terms: 
[●] 
56 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name] [appears/does not appear] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
57 
 
UK Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable]  
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name] [appears/does not appear] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 
36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat 
as necessary)

--- Page 597 ---
597 
 
58 
 
Additional Requirements (General 
Condition 14): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Delete this paragraph for German Law 
Warrants) 
59 
 
Details of where information about the 
past and future performance of the 
Underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained: 
[●] 
(Include details of where the past and future 
performance and volatility of the Underlying 
can be obtained by electronic means, and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge, 
and a clear and comprehensive explanation of 
how the value of the investment is affected by 
the Underlying and the circumstances when the 
risks are most evident.) 
60 
 
Details of where information relating to 
the Reference Entity is available: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: ……………………………………. 
 
Duly Authorised]21 
The Warrants will not become valid or obligatory for any purpose until this Pricing Supplement is attached 
to the applicable Global Warrant[s]. 
 
21 Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for 
the particular trade.

--- Page 598 ---
598 
 
Part B 
Other Information 
1 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for [Tranche [●] of] the 
Warrants to be [admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant non-EEA regulated market (for example, 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or 
the Euro MTF market) and, if relevant, listing on an 
official list (for example, the official list of Euronext 
Dublin 
or 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange)]][listed on the Open Market (regulated 
Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)] with effect 
from on or around [●]] [●] 
 
 
Tranche [●] of the Warrants has been [admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant non-EEA regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF market) and, 
if relevant, listing on an official list (for example, the 
official list of Euronext Dublin or of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange)] with effect from [●]] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Warrants are already admitted to trading)][ 
listed on the Open Market (regulated Unofficial 
Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG).] 
 
Estimated expenses relating to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
 
2 
 [INFORMATION ABOUT THE PAST AND FURTHER PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF 
[THE/EACH] [UNDERLYING/REFERENCE ENTITY] 
 
Information about the past and further performance of [the/each] [Underlying/Reference Entity] 
is available from [the [Bloomberg page/Reuters screen/Exchange] specified for [the/each such] 
Underlying in Part A above] [internationally recognised, published or electronically displayed 
sources [including Bloomberg and the website of the Reference entity at [●]] [specify other 
source].] 
3 
 DISCLAIMERS 
 
[Insert any relevant disclaimers] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor], [●] (the “Index Sponsor” [and the “Index 
Calculation Agent”]) for the Underlying and any of their respective directors, officers, 
employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each a “Relevant Person”) makes any 
express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of purchasing the 
Warrants, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time on any particular date, (c) the

--- Page 599 ---
599 
 
results to be obtained by any investor in the Warrants or any other person or entity, from the use 
of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) the merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. Each Relevant Person hereby 
expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of accuracy, 
completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Underlying. 
No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special, punitive, consequential or 
otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. [The Index Sponsor is 
not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under any obligation to continue 
the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor shall they have any liability 
for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the Underlying. The Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any 
other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as 
past performance of the Underlying prior to its [launch date] (however defined in the Index 
Conditions) may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back-
testing is illustrative only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and 
assumptions and estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative 
of the actual results that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Warrants. 
 
Any scenario analysis is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual 
performance of the Underlying nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes 
for the Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
at [Schedule [●]] attached hereto. Any decision to invest in the Warrants should be based upon 
the information contained in the Base Listing Particulars and this Pricing Supplement only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in this Pricing Supplement without the prior written consent of the Index Sponsor (save 
in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Warrants using customary clearing and settlement 
procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the issuer 
or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Pricing Supplement consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (“Bloomberg®”). The Issuer [and 
the CGMFL Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for accurately reproducing such extracts or 
summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMFL Guarantor] [is/are] aware and [is/are] able 
to ascertain from such publicly-available information, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the 
reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility for the reproduction of such 
information or for the merits of an investment in the Warrants. Bloomberg® does not arrange, 
sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Warrants.] 
4 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) ISIN Code: 
[●]22 
 
22 These codes must be marked as “restricted” for Securities Act purposes in the case Physical Delivery Share Warrants represented 
by a Global Warrant.

--- Page 600 ---
600 
 
 
(b) Common Code: 
[●]23 
 
(c) [SEDOL: 
[●]] 
 
(d) CFI: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) FISN: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(f) 
[Any Additional or Alternative Clearing 
System(s) other than Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear and the 
relevant identification number(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(g) Names and addresses of additional 
Warrant Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(h) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
5 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions and required 
certifications: 
[⚫] 
[The definition of U.S. person for the purposes of 
the certification in any relevant Exercise Notice 
shall be deemed to be as set out in Part C below.] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Index Warrants 
relating to one or more Commodity Indices and/or 
Contracts, Currency Warrants or Commodity 
Warrants) 
 
Eligible for sale in the United States under 
the exemption provided by Section 4(2) to 
IAIs  
(N.B. 
Not 
eligible 
for 
German 
Law 
Warrants) 
(N.B. Not eligible for Index Warrants 
relating to one or more Commodity Indices 
and/or Contracts, Currency Warrants or 
Commodity 
Warrants. 
Only 
Warrants 
relating to "securities" (as defined in the 
Securities Act) may be so eligible): 
[Yes/No]. 
[Where Warrants are eligible for sale in the United 
States to IAIs, include the following: 
The Warrants will be in the form of Private 
Placement Definitive Warrants; 
the Warrants will [not] be issued concurrently 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
[(such Warrants to be represented by a Regulation 
S Global Warrant)]; 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to QIBs;  
(N.B. Warrants may only be transferred to QIBs if 
eligible for sale to QIBs) 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to non-U.S. 
persons; and 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to IAIs 
 
Eligible for sale in the United States within 
the meaning of Rule 144A to QIBs 
(N.B. 
Not 
eligible 
for 
German 
Law 
Warrants) 
[Yes/No]. 
[Where Warrants are represented by a Combined 
Global Warrant include the following: 
Warrants eligible for sale in the United States 
pursuant to Rule 144A to QIBs and to non-U.S. 
 
23 These codes must be marked as "restricted" for Securities Act purposes in the case of Combined Global Warrants or Physical 
Delivery Share Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant or a Permanent Global Warrant.

--- Page 601 ---
601 
 
(N.B. Not eligible for Index Warrants 
relating to one or more Commodity Indices 
and/or Contracts, Currency Warrants or 
Commodity 
Warrants. 
Only 
Warrants 
relating to "securities" (as defined in the 
Securities Act) may be so eligible): 
persons in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by a Combined Global Warrant and 
will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth 
on such Combined Global Warrant.] 
 
 
[Where Warrants are eligible for sale in the United 
States under Rule 144A to QIBs, include the 
following: 
 
 
[The Rule 144A Global Warrant will be deposited 
with [the New York Warrant Agent as Custodian/a 
Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
Euroclear]][The 
Combined 
Global Warrant will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear]; 
 
 
the Warrants [will] [will not] be issued concurrently 
outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
[(such Warrants to be represented by a Regulation 
S Global Warrant)]; 
 
 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to QIBs; 
 
 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to non-U.S. 
persons; [and] 
 
 
the Warrants may [not] be transferred to IAIs;. 
 
 
(N.B. Warrant may only be transferred to IAIs if 
eligible for sale to IAIs as provided for above) 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions and required 
certifications: 
[●] 
 
 
Issuer meets the qualifications listed in 
Article 7(4)(5-2) of the Enforcement Decree 
of the Financial Investment Services and 
Capital Markets Act of Korea: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
Registered Broker/Dealer: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Inc./[specify other]/[Not 
Applicable]]. (N.B. Only applicable for Warrants 
eligible for sale in the United States) 
 
Syndication: 
The Warrants will be distributed on a [non-
]syndicated basis. 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Manager: 
[●] 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers: 
[●] 
 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 602 ---
602 
 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Warrants 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Warrants 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Warrants during [the period[s] [●] to [●] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing 
ordinance]]] 
(Include if Warrants are offered in Switzerland) 
6 
 ADDITIONAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 
 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the [Warrants/Certificates] as 
[prepaid forward contracts or options]/[prepaid forward contracts or options with associated 
payments]/[Access [Warrants/Certificates]/[a put and a deposit] for which purposes, the Issuer 
will treat [ ]% of each periodic payment made with respect to a [Warrant/Certificate] as interest 
on the deposit and [ ]% as put premium]].] 
 
 
[The Warrants are Non-U.S. Issuer Warrants.]/[ The Warrants are U.S. Issuer Warrants.] 
 
[The Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs based on either 
the “delta” test or the “substantial equivalence” test, as indicated in the table below. Please see 
the table below for additional information with respect to Section 871(m) of the Code, including 
information necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the 
[Warrants/Certificates].]/[The Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified 
ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the [Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2025 and (ii) the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are “delta-one” within the meaning of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices 
and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified 
ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs because 
(i) the Issue Date for the [Warrants/Certificates] is prior to 2025 and (ii) the [Warrants/Certificates] 
are not “delta-one” within the meaning of Section 871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 
871(m) of the Code.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the 
[Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components 
are 
Qualified 
Indices 
and/or 
Qualified 
Index 
Securities 
and, 
therefore, 
that 
the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) 
for the [Warrants/Certificates] consist solely of (i) one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified 
Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. equities nor indices that include

--- Page 603 ---
603 
 
U.S. equities and, therefore, that the [Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs.] [Additional 
Section 871(m) Information: [    ]] 
 
[The Warrants/Certificates are [Specified Current Payment Warrants]/[Specified Net Total Return 
Warrants].] 
 
[Include below table if (i) the [Warrants/Certificates] are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the 
[Warrants/Certificates] are not Specified ELIs based on either the “delta” test or the “substantial 
equivalence” test. 
Underl
ying(s)  
Under-
lying 
Securit
ies 
(Y/N) 
Quali-
fied 
Index/
Quali-
fied 
Index 
Securit
y (Y/N) 
Simple 
Con-
tract 
(Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Con-
tract) 
Sub-
stantial 
Equival
ence 
Test (if 
not 
a 
Simple 
Con-
tract) 
Numbe
r 
of 
Shares 
Multi-
plied 
by 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Con-
tract) 
Initial 
Hedge 
(if 
applic-
able) 
Additio
nal 
Sectio
n 
871(m) 
Inform
ation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
8 
 [SECONDARY TRADING 
 
[Insert name and address of entities having a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and a description of the main 
terms of their commitment]] 
9 
 [EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED BY THE 
VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
[Include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help 
investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s)]] 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable)

--- Page 604 ---
604 
 
 
[Schedule 
Long/Short Warrants 
Long Underlyings (Specify for each Long Underlying) 
(i) 
[Reuters / 
Bloomberg] Code 
ISIN 
Type of 
Underlying 
Relevant Company / Relevant Fund / 
Underlying Share Company and web-
site (if any) 
Underlyi
ng 
Currency 
Relevant 
Percentage 
(%) 
Exchang
e 
N(i) 
Weightin
g 
1 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary 
Receipt] [ETF 
Share] 
[⚫] [(www.[⚫].[⚫])] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
2 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary 
Receipt] [ETF 
Share] 
[⚫] [(www.[⚫].[⚫])] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Short Underlyings (Specify for each Short Underlying) 
(i) 
[Reuters / 
Bloomberg] Code 
ISIN 
Type of Underlying 
Relevant Company / Relevant Fund / 
Underlying Share Company and web-site (if 
any) 
Underlying 
Currency 
Exchang
e 
N(i) 
Weighting 
1 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary Receipt] 
[ETF Share] 
[⚫] [(www.[⚫].[⚫])] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
2 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[common stock/[⚫]] 
[Depositary Receipt] 
[ETF Share] 
[⚫] [(www.[⚫].[⚫])] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
(Insert for Long/Short Certificates)

--- Page 605 ---
605 
 
 
[Include, if the Warrants are specified to be Physical Delivery Warrants and Share Warrants relating to 
unlisted shares, to comply with the requirements of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
Annex to the Pricing Supplement 
1 
 Name of the Share Company/ 
Relevant Company: 
[●] 
2 
 LEI: 
[●] 
3 
 Date of incorporation, length of 
life (except where indefinite): 
[●] 
4 
 Domicile: 
[●] 
5 
 Legal form and legislation: 
[●] 
6 
 Country of incorporation and 
address 
of 
registered 
office 
and/or 
principal 
place 
of 
business: 
[●] 
7 
 Brief 
description 
of 
the 
company's 
principal 
activities 
stating the main categories of 
product sold and/or services 
performed: 
[●] 
8 
 [Description of deposits, estimate 
or 
economically 
exploitable 
reserves and expected period of 
working, period and main terms 
of 
concessions, 
economic 
conditions, progress of actual 
working:] 
[Insert for specialist companies, mining, extraction of 
hydrocarbons, quarrying and similar activities insofar as 
significant.] 
[●] 
9 
 Organizational 
structure, 
description 
of 
the 
group, 
company's position:  
[●] 
10 
 No material change statement in 
the 
prospects 
and 
financial 
position 
of 
the 
Share 
Company/Relevant 
Company 
since 
the 
last 
financial 
statements of the underlying 
company: 
[●] 
11 
 Names, 
business 
addresses, 
functions and principal activities 
performed 
by 
the 
directors 
outside the company: 
[●] 
12 
 Audited 
annual 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
of 
the 
company (or unconsolidated, if 
no 
consolidated 
financial 
statements exist): 
[●]

--- Page 606 ---
606 
 
 Year(s) covered: 
[●] 
[Attached / Incorporated by reference] 
[Cross-reference list] 
13 
 Unaudited interim consolidated 
(or 
unconsolidated, 
if 
no 
consolidated 
interim 
financial 
statements exist): 
[●] 
 Period(s) covered: 
[●] 
[Attached / Incorporated by reference] 
[Cross-reference list] 
14 
 Name of the auditors 
[●] 
15 
 Place where the by-laws of the 
underlying unlisted company and 
the last financial statements will 
be available free of charge: 
[●] 
16 
 Share rights and conversion 
procedures: 
[●] 
17 
 ISIN or other such security 
identification code: 
[●] 
18 
 Method 
and 
frequency 
of 
establishment of independent 
valuation reports estimating the 
value of the shares 
[●]

--- Page 607 ---
607 
 
 
[The following applies if the Pricing Supplement relates to an issue of Credit Warrants] 
Part C 
Form of Notional Transaction which is 
a [Single Name CDs/Index CDs/Index Swaption] 
[(i) if the Notional Transaction is specified to be a Single Name CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
include the swap confirmation substantially in the form set out in Annex I below, (ii) if the Notional 
Transaction is specified to be an Index CDS in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Index is an 
iTraxx index, include the swap confirmation substantially in the form set out in Annex II below, (iii) if the 
Notional Transaction is specified to be an Index Swaption in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the 
Index is an iTraxx index, include the swap confirmation substantially in the form set out in Annex III below 
or (iv) if none of the above are so specified, include such other form(s) as required] 
[Annex I] 
[Form of Notional Single Name CDs Transaction 
Confirmation 
Date: 
To:  
[Swap Counterparty] 
From:  
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Re:  
Credit Derivative Transaction: 
 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
The purpose of this letter (this “Confirmation”) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Derivative Transaction entered into between Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“Party 
A”) and [Swap Counterparty] (“Party B”) on the Trade Date specified below (the “Transaction”). This 
Confirmation constitutes a “Confirmation” as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the “2014 
Definitions”), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA®”), are 
incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2014 Definitions and 
this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between you and us as to the terms of 
the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. In addition, you and we agree to use all reasonable 
efforts promptly to negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, 
with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon the execution by you and us of such 
an agreement, this Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to that agreement. All 
provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution will govern this 
Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Until we execute and deliver that agreement, this 
Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to an ISDA Master Agreement (each a 
“Confirmation”) confirming transactions (each a “Transaction”) entered into between us (notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in a Confirmation), shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to, an 
agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if we had executed an agreement in such 
form (but without any Schedule except for the election of English Law as the governing law and [specify

--- Page 608 ---
608 
 
currency] as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date of the first such Transaction between us. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the provisions of that agreement and this Confirmation, this 
Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of this Transaction. 
The terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
1 
 General Terms 
 
 
Transaction Type: 
[●] 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
[Matrix Publication Date: 
[●] 
 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Party A (“Seller”) 
 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Party B (“Buyer”) 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[Citibank N.A., 
London Branch]/[Citibank N.A., New York Branch] 
 
Reference Entity: 
[●] 
 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level] 
 
[Reference Obligation: 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
Primary Obligor: 
 
 
[Guarantor: 
[●]] 
 
 
Maturity:  
[●] 
 
 
Coupon:  
[●] 
 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
2 
 Fixed Payments 
 
 
Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
 
[Initial Payment Payer: 
Party B 
 
Initial Payment Amount: 
[●] 
 
[Initial Fixed Rate Payer Calculation Period: 
Notwithstanding Section 12.9 of the 2014 
Definitions, the initial Fixed Rate Payer Calculation 
Period shall commence on, and include, the Fixed 
Rate 
Payer 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
on 
or 
immediately prior to the calendar day immediately 
following the Trade Date.] 
3 
 Floating Payment 
 
 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
4 
 Credit Events 
 
 
[Restructuring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
5 
 Settlement Terms 
 
 
Settlement Method: 
Auction Settlement

--- Page 609 ---
609 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
2014 Definitions, if a credit derivatives transaction 
referencing the Reference Entity on terms 
applicable to the Transaction Type is capable of 
being an Auction Covered Transaction, the Final 
Price shall be deemed to be the Final Price 
determined by the Auction applicable to such a 
credit 
derivatives 
transaction 
[insert 
if 
Restructuring is a Credit Event and either Mod R 
or Mod Mod R is specified as applicable: with a 
“Scheduled Termination Date” of the Scheduled 
Termination 
Date 
of 
this 
Transaction] 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
terms of this Transaction) 
 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, 
Cash Settlement 
6 
 Notice and Account Details: 
 
 
Notice and Account Details for Party A: 
[●] 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
 
Notice and Account Details for Party B: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
7 
 [Offices: 
 
 
[Seller: 
[●]] 
 
[Buyer:] 
[●]] 
8 
 [Additional Terms: 
[●]] 
 
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy 
of this Confirmation and returning it to us [by facsimile]. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
Confirmed as of the date first above written:

--- Page 610 ---
610 
 
[SWAP COUNTERPARTY] 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
Title:

--- Page 611 ---
611 
 
[Annex II] 
[Form of Notional Index CDs Transaction  
Confirmation 
Date: 
 
 
[●] 
To:  
 
[Swap Counterparty]  
Telephone number: 
[●] 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
Attention: 
 
[●] 
From: 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Subject: 
 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [●] Version [●] Master Transaction 
Ref No.: 
 
[●] 
The purpose of this communication (this “Confirmation”) is to set forth the terms and conditions of the 
Credit Derivative Transaction entered into on the Trade Date specified below (the “iTraxx® Master 
Transaction”) between Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“Party A”) and [Swap 
Counterparty] (“Party B”). This Confirmation constitutes a “Confirmation” as referred to in the ISDA Master 
Agreement specified below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (the “2014 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions”) and the iTraxx® Europe Untranched Standard Terms Supplement, as published by Markit 
Group Limited on 20 September 2014 (the “Standard Terms Supplement”), are incorporated into this 
Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 
Standard Terms Supplement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Standard Terms Supplement and the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions, the 
Standard Terms Supplement will govern. 
Party A and Party B agree that each time they enter into an iTraxx® Master Transaction they enter into a 
separate and independent Credit Derivative Transaction in respect of each Reference Entity (each, a 
“Component Transaction”). Each Component Transaction will have the terms specified in the Standard 
Terms Supplement, as modified hereby, and, subject to Paragraph 5.2 of the Standard Terms Supplement, 
will not be affected by any other Credit Derivative Transaction between Party A and Party B and will operate 
independently of each other Component Transaction in all respects. 
This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between you and us as to the terms of 
the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. In addition, you and we agree to use all reasonable 
efforts promptly to negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, 
with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon the execution by you and us of such 
an agreement, this Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to that agreement. All 
provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution will govern this 
Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Until we execute and deliver that agreement, this 
Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to an ISDA Master Agreement (each a 
Confirmation) confirming transactions (each a “Transaction”) entered into between us (notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in a “Confirmation”), shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to, an 
agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if we had executed an agreement in such 
form (but without any Schedule except for the election of English Law as the governing law and [specify 
currency] as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date of the first such Transaction between us. In the

--- Page 612 ---
612 
 
event of any inconsistency between the provisions of that agreement and this Confirmation, this 
Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of this Transaction. 
The terms of the iTraxx® Master Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
Index: 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [●] Version 
[●] 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited][Citibank N.A., London 
Branch][Citibank N.A., New York Branch] 
Original Notional Amount: 
[USD] [EUR] 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Party A 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Party B 
Annex Date: 
[●] 
Initial Payment Payer: 
[Buyer]/[Not applicable] 
Initial Payment Amount: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
Settlement Terms: 
 
Settlement Method: 
Auction Settlement 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2014 Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, if a credit derivatives transaction 
referencing the Reference Entity on terms applicable to the 
Transaction Type is capable of being an Auction Covered 
Transaction, the Final Price shall be deemed to be the Final 
Price determined by the Auction applicable to such a credit 
derivatives transaction [insert if Restructuring is a Credit 
Event and either Mod R or Mod Mod R is specified as 
applicable: with a “Scheduled Termination Date” of the 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Date 
of 
this 
Transaction] 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the terms of this 
Transaction) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Standard Terms 
Supplement and the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix, Cash Settlement [and the provisions of Paragraph 5.5 
of the Standard Terms Supplement will apply notwithstanding 
that the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount as at the 
Event Determination Date may not be less than USD50,000 
or 
EUR50,000] 
[specify 
alternative 
cash 
settlement 
provisions] 
The provisions of Paragraph 5.6 of the Standard Terms 
Supplement shall not apply to this Transaction 
[Additional terms, if any, (including 
any specific provisions relating to 
collateral): 
[●]]

--- Page 613 ---
613 
 
Telephone, 
telex 
and/or 
facsimile 
number 
and 
contact 
details 
for 
notices: 
[●]] 
 
Party A: 
 
 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
 
Telex number: 
[●] 
 
Party B: 
 
 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
 
Facsimile number: 
[●] 
 
Telex number: 
[●] 
Account details: 
Party A: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
 
Party B: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
 
[SWAP COUNTERPARTY] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy of this 
Confirmation and returning it to us at the contact information listed above. 
iTraxx® is a registered trade mark of Markit Indices Limited. 
iTraxx® is a trade mark of Markit Indices Limited and has been licensed for the use by Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. Markit Indices Limited does not approve, endorse or recommend 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. or iTraxx® derivatives products. 
iTraxx® derivatives products are derived from a source considered reliable, but neither Markit Indices 
Limited nor any of its employees, suppliers, subcontractors and agents (together “iTraxx Associates”) 
guarantees the veracity, completeness or accuracy of iTraxx® derivatives products or other information 
furnished in connection with iTraxx® derivatives products. No representation, warranty or condition, 
express or implied, statutory or otherwise, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance, or fitness for 
purpose are given or assumed by Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates in respect of 
iTraxx® derivatives products or any data included in such iTraxx® derivatives products or the use by any 
person or entity of iTraxx® derivatives products or that data and all those representations, warranties and 
conditions are excluded save to the extent that such exclusion is prohibited by law.

--- Page 614 ---
614 
 
None of Markit Indices Limited nor any of the iTraxx Associates shall have any liability or responsibility to 
any person or entity for any loss, damages, costs, charges, expenses or other liabilities whether caused 
by the negligence of Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates or otherwise, arising in 
connection with the use of iTraxx® derivatives products or the iTraxx® indices.]

--- Page 615 ---
615 
 
[Annex III] 
[Form of Notional Index Swaption Transaction 
Confirmation 
Date: 
 
 
[●] 
To:  
 
[Swap Counterparty] 
Telephone number: 
[●] 
Facsimile number:  
[●] 
Attention: 
 
[●] 
From: 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Subject: 
 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [●] Version [●] Swaption Transaction 
Ref NO.: 
 
[●] 
The purpose of this communication (this “Confirmation”) is to set forth the terms and conditions of the 
Swaption Transaction entered into on the Swaption Trade Date specified below between Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“Party A”) and [Swap Counterparty] (“Party B”). This Confirmation 
constitutes a “Confirmation” as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. 
The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the “2006 Definitions”) and the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the “Credit Derivatives Definitions”), each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and the iTraxx® Europe Untranched Transactions 
Swaption Standard Terms Supplement, as published by Markit Group Limited on 20 September 2014 (the 
“iTraxx® Swaption Standard Terms Supplement”), are incorporated into this Confirmation. In the event 
of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions, the Credit Derivatives Definitions or the iTraxx® 
Swaption Standard Terms Supplement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions or the Credit Derivatives Definitions and the iTraxx® 
Swaption Standard Terms Supplement, the iTraxx® Swaption Standard Terms Supplement will govern. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions and the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions will govern in cases relating to the terms of the Underlying Swap Transaction, 
and the 2006 Definitions will govern in other cases. 
This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between you and us as to the terms of 
the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. In addition, you and we agree to use all reasonable 
efforts promptly to negotiate, execute and deliver an agreement in the form of an ISDA Master Agreement, 
with such modifications as you and we will in good faith agree. Upon the execution by you and us of such 
an agreement, this Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to that agreement. All 
provisions contained in or incorporated by reference in that agreement upon its execution will govern this 
Confirmation except as expressly modified below. Until we execute and deliver that agreement, this 
Confirmation, together with all other documents referring to an ISDA Master Agreement (each a 
“Confirmation”) confirming transactions (each a “Transaction”) entered into between us (notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in a Confirmation), shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to, an 
agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if we had executed an agreement in such 
form (but without any Schedule except for the election of English Law as the governing law and [specify 
currency] as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date of the first such Transaction between us. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the provisions of that agreement and this Confirmation, this 
Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of this Transaction. 
The terms of the Swaption Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows:

--- Page 616 ---
616 
 
SWAPTION TERMS: 
Swaption Trade Date: 
[●] 
Swaption Seller: 
Party A 
Swaption Buyer: 
Party B 
Premium: 
[USD] [EUR] [●] 
Strike Price: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
PROCEDURE FOR EXERCISE: 
Expiration Date: 
[●] 
 
UNDERLYING SWAP TRANSACTION TERMS: 
Standard Terms Date: 
[●] 
Index: 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [●] Version [●] 
Annex Date: 
[●] 
Trade Date: 
[The Exercise Date] 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[The fifth anniversary of the Effective Date]/[The tenth 
anniversary of the Effective Date]/[●] 
Original Notional Amount: 
[USD] [EUR] [ 
Floating Rate Payer: 
Party A 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
Party B 
Calculation Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited][Citibank N.A., London 
Branch][Citibank N.A., New York Branch] 
Additional Terms (including any 
specific provisions relating to 
collateral): 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
Telephone, telex and/or facsimile 
number and contact details for 
notices: 
Party A: 
Telephone number: [●] 
Facsimile number: [●] 
Telex number: 
[●] 
Party B: 
Telephone number: [●] 
Facsimile number: [●] 
Telex number: 
[●] 
Account details: 
Party A: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
Party B: 
[Standard Settlement Instructions] 
SETTLEMENT TERMS: 
 
Specified Derivatives Clearing 
Organization: 
[●]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 617 ---
617 
 
 
Please confirm your agreement to be bound by the terms of the foregoing by executing a copy of this 
Confirmation and returning it to us at the contact information listed above. 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
 
[SWAP COUNTERPARTY] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name: 
 
Title: 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
iTraxx® is a registered trade mark of Markit Indices Limited. 
iTraxx® is a trade mark of Markit Indices Limited and has been licensed for the use by Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. Markit Indices Limited does not approve, endorse or recommend 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. or iTraxx® derivatives products. 
iTraxx® derivatives products are derived from a source considered reliable, but neither Markit Indices 
Limited nor any of its employees, suppliers, subcontractors and agents (together “iTraxx Associates”) 
guarantees the veracity, completeness or accuracy of iTraxx® derivatives products or other information 
furnished in connection with iTraxx® derivatives products. No representation, warranty or condition, 
express or implied, statutory or otherwise, as to condition, satisfactory quality, performance, or fitness for 
purpose are given or assumed by Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates in respect of 
iTraxx® derivatives products or any data included in such iTraxx® derivatives products or the use by any 
person or entity of iTraxx® derivatives products or that data and all those representations, warranties and 
conditions are excluded save to the extent that such exclusion is prohibited by law. 
None of Markit Indices Limited nor any of the iTraxx Associates shall have any liability or responsibility to 
any person or entity for any loss, damages, costs, charges, expenses or other liabilities whether caused 
by the negligence of Markit Indices Limited or any of the iTraxx Associates or otherwise, arising in 
connection with the use of iTraxx® derivatives products or the iTraxx® indices.]

--- Page 618 ---
618 
 
[Insert for Credit Warrants and amend as appropriate to reflect relevant Credit Events] 
Annex [IV] 
[Form of Trigger Notice in respect of 
a [Credit Event/Potential Repudiation/Moratorium/Movement Option] 
[Date] 
To: 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
[address] 
Attention: 
 
[●] 
cc: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Attention: 
 
[●] 
Warrant issue Details: 
Issue 
of 
[aggregate 
number 
of 
Warrants] 
[Title 
of 
Warrants] 
ISIN Number: [●] 
Reference is made to the Warrants described above (the “Warrants”) referencing the Notional Transaction 
as described in the Notional Transaction Terms between [Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.], as Seller, and Swap Counterparty, as Buyer. 
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this letter shall have the meanings given them in the 
Conditions of the Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Notional Transaction Terms) or, if no 
meaning is specified therein, in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
[This letter is our Trigger Notice to you that a [insert type] Credit Event occurred with respect to [insert 
name] on or about [insert date], when [describe Credit Event]. We hereby instruct you to deliver a Credit 
Event Notice under the Notional Transaction in respect of such Credit Event. 
[This Trigger Notice applies to the following Exercise Amount: [insert Exercise Amount].]24]25 
[This letter is our Trigger Notice to you that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurred with respect to 
[insert name] on [insert date], when [describe Potential Repudiation/Moratorium]. We hereby instruct you 
to deliver a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice under the Notional Transaction in respect 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.]26 
[We provide the Publicly Available Information attached hereto (for which purposes references in the 
definition of Publicly Available Information to “[Credit Event/Repudiation/Moratorium Extension] 27 
Notice” will be deemed to be to “Trigger Notice” and references to “Notifying Party” will be deemed to be 
to us as Warrantholder) in relation to the [Credit Event/Potential Repudiation/Moratorium].]28 
 
24 Only to be included where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and the Warrantholder intends to specify an 
Exercise Amount less than the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount under Notional Transaction 
25 Include if the Trigger Notice relates to the occurrence of a Credit Event 
26 Include if the Trigger Notice relates to the occurrence of a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event  
27 Delete as applicable 
28 Include if the Trigger Notice relates to the occurrence of a Credit Event/Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event

--- Page 619 ---
619 
 
Sincerely, 
[insert name] 
 
________________________ 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 620 ---
620 
 
Section F — NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES  
THE ISSUERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Luxembourg 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF WARRANTS ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT AND NEW YORK WARRANT AGENT 
Citibank Europe PLC  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
DEFINITIVE WARRANT AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
AUTHENTICATION AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
MANAGERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc  
388 Greenwich Street 
Tower Building 
New York, NY 10013 
United States

--- Page 621 ---
621 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMHI 
KPMG LLP 
Independent Public Accountants 
345 Park Avenue 
New York 
New York 10154 
United States 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
KPMG Luxembourg 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
KPMG Audit Plc 
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE MANAGER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
England 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE MANAGER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
Linklaters LLP 
Allegro Building 
Avenue John F. Kennedy 35 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE MANAGER AS TO GERMAN LAW 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO MANAGERS AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
2112 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW 
Washington, DC 20037 
United States

--- Page 622 ---
622 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
A49455504